{"Title":"Patents","Abstract":"","Description":"","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/WO1998040379A1/en"}
{"Title":"Beverage system, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, beverage with dissolved gas, and beverage with ingredient","Abstract":"Abstract  A beverage system is created having beverage, with at least one liquid. The beverage is created in a variety, including tea drink, coffee drink, milk drink, yogurt drink, malted drink, roasted cereal grain beverage, roasted nut and seed beverage, roasted bean beverage, distilled water, mineral water, sports drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, fruit drink, vegetable drink, fruit skin drink, vegetable skin drink, plant drink, soft drink, alcoholic drink, and soup drink. The beverage is also created with or without addition of ingredient, including flavoring ingredient, nutritional ingredient, health ingredient, and other ingredient. The beverage can be served as hot drink, cold drink, cold drink with ice, and warm drink. The beverage can be caffeinated, or non caffeinated; and diet or non diet. The liquid includes water, oil, and alcohol. The beverage system is created in various form, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, and beverage with dissolved gas.","Description":"Description  CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION  [0001]  The present application is related to and claims priority from prior provisional application No. 61765157, filed Feb. 15, 2013 which application is incorporated herein by reference.  COPYRIGHT NOTICE  [0002]  A portion of the disclosure of this patent document contains material which is subject to copyright protection. The copyright owner has no objection to the facsimile reproduction by anyone of the patent document or the patent disclosure, as it appears in the Patent and Trademark Office patent file or records, but otherwise reserves all copyright rights whatsoever. 37 CFR 1.71(d).  BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION  [0003]  The following includes information that may be useful in understanding the present invention(s). It is not an admission that any of the information provided herein is prior art, or material, to the presently described or claimed inventions, or that any publication or document that is specifically or implicitly referenced is prior art.   [0004]  1. Field of the Invention   [0005]  The present invention relates generally to the field of comestibles, and more specifically relates to a novel beverage system, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, beverage with dissolved gas, and beverage with ingredient.   [0006]  2. Description of the Related Art   [0007]  Beverage is a drink comprising liquid, which is specifically prepared for human consumption. Beverage is liquid in the form of water, oil, and alcohol, and with or without flavoring and ingredient. The beverage can be divided into various groups such as plain water, alcohol, non-alcoholic drink, soft drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, tea coffee, milk, and hot drink. Beverages in the market today are very limited in the form and variety.   [0008]  Various attempts have been made to solve the above-mentioned problems such as those found in U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,118,184; 4,105,802; 4,946,701; 5,681,569; 6,024,996; 6,723,369; and 2004/0018275. This prior art is representative of comestibles relating to food and beverage compositions. None of the above inventions and patents, taken either singly or in combination, is seen to describe the invention as claimed.   [0009]  Ideally, beverage system, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, beverage with dissolved gas, and beverage with ingredient should provide nutrition and convenience to consumers and, yet would be manufactured at a modest expense. Thus, a need exists for a novel beverage system in various form, variety, and with various ingredient.  BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION  [0010]  In view of the foregoing disadvantages inherent in the known beverages related comestibles art, the present invention provides a novel beverage system. The general purpose of the present invention, which will be described subsequently in greater detail is to provide a beverage system, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, beverage with dissolved gas, and beverage with ingredient. The invention is to provide people who shop for beverage the option of getting beverage in various form, variety, and with various ingredient.   [0011]  The beverage system comprises beverage, with at least one liquid. The beverage is created in a variety, including tea drink, coffee drink, milk drink, yogurt drink, malted drink, roasted cereal grain beverage, roasted nut and seed beverage, roasted bean beverage, distilled water, mineral water, sports drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, fruit drink, vegetable drink, fruit skin drink, vegetable skin drink, plant drink, soft drink, alcoholic drink, and soup drink. The beverage in a variety is created with or without the addition of ingredient, including at least one flavoring ingredient, at least one nutritional ingredient, at least one health ingredient, and at least one other ingredient. The beverage is served in a manner selected from the group consisting of hot drink, cold drink, drink with ice, and warm drink. The beverage is selected from the group consisting of caffeinated, and non caffeinated. And the beverage is selected from the group consisting of diet, and non diet. At least one liquid is in form selected from the group consisting of water, oil, and alcohol.   [0012]  The present invention holds significant improvements and serves as a novel beverage system. For purposes of summarizing the invention, certain aspects, advantages, and novel features of the invention have been described herein. It is to be understood that not necessarily all such advantages may be achieved in accordance with any one particular embodiment of the invention. Thus, the invention may be embodied or carried out in a manner that achieves or optimizes one advantage or group of advantages as taught herein without necessarily achieving other advantages as may be taught or suggested herein. The features of the invention which are believed to be novel are particularly pointed out and distinctly claimed in the concluding portion of the specification. These and other features, aspects, and advantages of the present invention will become better understood with reference to the following drawings and detailed description.  DETAILED DESCRIPTION  [0013]  As discussed above, embodiments of the present invention relate to a comestible and more particularly to a novel beverage system, including bubble beverage, instant beverage, beverage with dissolved gas, and beverage with ingredient.   [0014]  The purpose of the present invention is to create beverage in various form, variety, and with various ingredient.   [0015]  As mentioned earlier, the beverage system comprises beverage, with at least one liquid. The beverage is created in a variety, including tea drink, coffee drink, milk drink, yogurt drink, malted drink, roasted cereal grain beverage, roasted nut and seed beverage, roasted bean beverage, distilled water, mineral water, sports drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, fruit drink, vegetable drink, fruit skin drink, vegetable skin drink, plant drink, soft drink, alcoholic drink, and soup drink. The beverage in a variety is created with or without the addition of ingredient, including at least one flavoring ingredient, at least one nutritional ingredient, at least one health ingredient, and at least one other ingredient. The beverage is served in a manner selected from the group consisting of hot drink, cold drink, drink with ice, and warm drink. The beverage is selected from the group consisting of caffeinated, and non caffeinated. And the beverage is selected from the group consisting of diet, and non diet. At least one liquid is in form selected from the group consisting of water, oil, and alcohol.   [0016]  By making bubble beverage, the consumer can consume starch and/or gelatin in the beverage as small spherical balls or bubbles. By making instant beverage, the consumer can have the convenience to make beverage from a form selected from the group consisting of solid medium in particles, and condensed liquid medium. By making beverage with dissolved gas, including carbon dioxide, ozone, oxygen, and nitrogen, the consumers can enjoy beverages as effervescent iced drinks.   [0017]  The beverage is created in form selected from the group consisting of bubble beverage, instant beverage, and beverage with dissolved gas.   [0018]  Bubble beverage is created for consumer to consume small spherical balls mixed into the beverage selected from the group consisting of tapioca balls, sago pearls, starch balls, gelatin balls, and balls with both gelatin and starch. The spherical balls have a diameter of about 1 to 10 millimeters. The bubble beverage can be consumed with a thick drinking straw.   [0019]  For the bubble beverage, small spherical balls have ingredient selected from the group consisting of gelatin and starch, including gelatin from fish and animal, beaten egg, egg white, pectin, vegetable gum, vegetable starch, corn starch, potato starch, sago, and tapioca. The small spherical balls with gelatin from fish and animal as ingredient can be mixed into cold drink because gelatin congeals below 15 degrees Celsius(59 degrees Fahrenheit). The small spherical balls with starch, egg, and egg white as ingredient can be mixed into cold drink, warm drink, and hot drink.   [0020]  Instant beverage is created for consumer to have the convenience to make beverage from a form selected from the group consisting of solid medium in particles, and condensed liquid medium.   [0021]  For the instant beverage, solid medium in particles can be dissolved in hot water for consumption. The solid medium in particles can be created by method selected from the group consisting of drying the beverage into soluble powder, freeze drying the beverage into granules, and spray drying the beverage into granules. The condensed liquid medium can be mixed with water for consumption. The condensed liquid medium can be created by applying heat to vaporize the water.   [0022]  Beverage with dissolved gas is created for consumer to consume the beverage with dissolved gas selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide, ozone, oxygen, and nitrogen. The beverage with dissolved gas is in form selected from the group consisting of carbonated, ozonated, oxygenated, and nitrogenated.   [0023]  For the beverage with dissolved gas, dissolved gas is added to the beverage by method selected from the group consisting of application of pressure, and adding water with said dissolved gas. The dissolved gas is released from the beverage when pressure is reduced as effervescence.   [0024]  For the beverage system, the beverage can be created by mixing more than one of the beverage selected from the group consisting of at least one tea drink, at least one coffee drink, at least one milk drink, at least one yogurt drink, at least one malted drink, at least one roasted cereal grain beverage, at least one roasted nut and seed beverage, at least one roasted bean beverage, distilled water, at least one mineral water, at least one sports drink, at least one fruit juice, at least one vegetable juice, at least one fruit drink, at least one vegetable drink, at least one fruit skin drink, at least one vegetable skin drink, at least one plant drink, at least one soft drink, at least one alcoholic drink, and at least one soup drink.   [0025]  Tea drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of peeling skin of ingredient, cutting ingredient into small pieces, grinding ingredient into small particles, drying ingredient by heat, drying ingredient by sun, dry roasting ingredient, placing ingredient in tea bag, placing ingredient in container, mixing boiling water with ingredient, steeping ingredient in boiling water, and removing any residue. The ingredient is selected from the group consisting of leaf, flower, flower bud, pollen, stem, stem shoot, root, bulb, cereal grain, nut, seed, bean, herb, plant, mushroom, fruit, fruit skin, vegetable, and vegetable skin. The tea drink is selected from the group consisting of white tea, yellow tea, green tea, black tea, oolong tea, earl grey, darjeeling, flower tea, root tea, herbal tea, mushroom tea, fruit tea, fruit skin tea, vegetable tea, vegetable skin tea, flavored tea, and tea with addition of ingredient.   [0026]  Coffee drink is created by brewing one and more of roasted coffee bean. The coffee bean is roasted between 165 to 275 degrees Celsius(329 to 527 degrees Fahrenheit). The coffee bean is roasted for a period of time ranging from about ½ to 30 minutes. The coffee drink can have flavoring selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, and vegetable oil flavor. The coffee drink is selected from the group consisting of black coffee, latte, cappuccino, espresso, mocha, frappe, cafe au lait, flavored coffee, and coffee with addition of ingredient.   [0027]  Milk drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of extracting milk from mammal, pasteurizing milk by heating milk to about 80 degrees Celsius(176 degrees Fahrenheit),boiling plant ingredient and removing residue, grinding and boiling plant ingredient and removing residue, grinding and blending plant ingredient and removing residue, and mixing both mammal milk and plant milk. The mammal is selected from the group consisting of cattle, buffalo, bison, sheep, goat, elk, yak, ewe, mare, water buffalo, horse, reindeer, and camel. The plant ingredient is selected from group consisting of cereal grain, nut, seed, and bean. The cereal grain is selected from the group consisting of rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, and wattleseed. The nut and seed are selected from the group consisting of almond, cashew, chestnut, coconut, hazelnut, macadamia, peanut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, walnut, acorn, brazil nut, gingko nut, beechnut, candlenut, kurrajong, mongongo, palm nut, karuka, red bopple nut, hickory, jacknut, pepea nut, yellow walnut, cycad, munya nut, monkey puzzle nut, paradise nut, colocynth, filbert, mamoncillo, maya nut, ogbono nut, water caltrop, juniper, podocarp, cempedak, coffee, egusi, fox nut, jackfruit, malabar gourd, nutmeg, breadnut, betel nut, cola nut, pili nut, olive, drumstick, okra, pumpkin seed, sesame seed, sunflower seed, lotus seed, and hemp seed. The bean is selected from the group consisting of green bean, red bean, azuki bean, black bean, back eyed bean, white bean, yellow bean, common bean, broad bean, pinto bean, soybean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea bean, potato bean, dolichos bean, moth bean, mung bean, ricebean, runner bean, tepary bean, urad bean, velvet bean, winged bean, yardlong bean, chickpea, pigeon pea, snap pea, snow pea, lentil, lupin, tarwi, carob, guar, horse gram, cocoa bean, coffee bean, bambara groundnut, cowpea, hyacinth bean, lablab, moringa oleifera, sterculia, yam bean, alfalfa, clover, mesquite, carob, tamarind, and wisteria. The milk drink can have flavoring selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, and vegetable oil flavor. The milk drink is selected from the group consisting of mammal milk, plant milk, whole milk, low fat milk, non fat milk, lactaid milk, chocolate milk, buttermilk, malted milk, flavored milk, and milk with addition of ingredient.   [0028]  Yogurt drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of heating milk to about 80 degrees Celsius (176 degrees Fahrenheit) for a pasteurization process to kill any undesirable bacteria and to denature milk proteins so that they set together rather than form curds, cooling milk to about 45 degrees Celsius(112 degrees Fahrenheit), adding bacterial culture for bacterial fermentation of milk, and allowing 4 to 7 hours for fermentation. The bacterial fermentation of milk is selected from the group consisting of mammal milk, and plant milk. The mammal milk is extracted from mammal selected from the group consisting of cattle, buffalo, bison, sheep, goat, elk, yak, ewe, mare, water buffalo, horse, reindeer, and camel. The plant milk is created from plant ingredient selected from the group consisting of cereal grain, nut, seed, and bean. The cereal grain is selected from the group consisting of rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, and wattleseed. The nut and seed are selected from the group consisting of almond, cashew, chestnut, coconut, hazelnut, macadamia, peanut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, walnut, acorn, brazil nut, gingko nut, beechnut, candlenut, kurrajong, mongongo, palm nut, karuka, red bopple nut, hickory, jacknut, pepea nut, yellow walnut, cycad, munya nut, monkey puzzle nut, paradise nut, colocynth, filbert, mamoncillo, maya nut, ogbono nut, water caltrop, juniper, podocarp, cempedak, coffee, egusi, fox nut, jackfruit, malabar gourd, nutmeg, breadnut, betel nut, cola nut, pili nut, olive, drumstick, okra, pumpkin seed, sesame seed, sunflower seed, lotus seed, and hemp seed. The bean is selected from the group consisting of green bean, red bean, azuki bean, black bean, back eyed bean, white bean, yellow bean, common bean, broad bean, pinto bean, soybean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea bean, potato bean, dolichos bean, moth bean, mung bean, ricebean, runner bean, tepary bean, urad bean, velvet bean, winged bean, yardlong bean, chickpea, pigeon pea, snap pea, snow pea, lentil, lupin, tarwi, carob, guar, horse gram, cocoa bean, coffee bean, bambara groundnut, cowpea, hyacinth bean, lablab, moringa oleifera, sterculia, yam bean, alfalfa, clover, mesquite, carob, tamarind, and wisteria. The plant milk is created by method selected from the group consisting of boiling plant ingredient and removing residue, grinding and boiling plant ingredient and removing residue, grinding and blending plant ingredient and removing residue. The yogurt drink can have flavoring selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, and vegetable oil flavor. Yogurt drink is selected from the group consisting of plain yogurt drink, flavored yogurt drink, and yogurt drink with addition of ingredient.   [0029]  Malted drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of germinating cereal grain, soaking in water, drying with hot air, turning into malt enzyme, using malt for brewing, using malted extract for adding into drink, and removing any residue. The cereal grain is selected from the group consisting of rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, and wattleseed. The malted drink is selected from the group consisting of beer, non alcoholic beer, ale, lager, and beverage made with malted extract, including malted milk, malted mammal milk, malted plant milk, malted milkshake, malted yogurt, malted coffee, malted tea, malted roasted cereal grain beverage, malted roasted nut and seed beverage, malted roasted bean beverage, malted sports drink, malted fruit juice, malted vegetable juice, malted fruit drink, malted vegetable drink, malted fruit skin drink, malted vegetable skin drink, malted plant drink, malted soft drink, malted alcoholic drink, malted soup drink, and malted drink with addition of ingredient.   [0030]  Roasted cereal grain beverage is created by brewing one and more of roasted cereal grain. The cereal grain is selected from the group consisting of rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, and wattleseed. The cereal grain is roasted between 165 to 275 degrees Celsius(329 to 527 degrees Fahrenheit). The cereal grain is roasted for a period of time ranging from about ½ to 30 minutes. The roasted cereal grain beverage is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0031]  Roasted nut and seed beverage is created by brewing one and more of roasted nut. The nut and seed are selected from the group consisting of almond, cashew, chestnut, coconut, hazelnut, macadamia, peanut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, walnut, acorn, brazil nut, gingko nut, beechnut, candlenut, kurrajong, mongongo, palm nut, karuka, red bopple nut, hickory, jacknut, pepea nut, yellow walnut, cycad, munya nut, monkey puzzle nut, paradise nut, colocynth, filbert, mamoncillo, maya nut, ogbono nut, water caltrop, juniper, podocarp, cempedak, coffee, egusi, fox nut, jackfruit, malabar gourd, nutmeg, breadnut, betel nut, cola nut, pili nut, olive, drumstick, okra, pumpkin seed, sesame seed, sunflower seed, lotus seed, and hemp seed. The nut and seed are roasted between 165 to 275 degrees Celsius(329 to 527 degrees Fahrenheit). The nut and seed are roasted for a period of time ranging from about ½ to 30 minutes. The roasted nut and seed beverage is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0032]  Roasted bean beverage is created by brewing one and more of roasted bean. The bean is selected from the group consisting of green bean, red bean, azuki bean, black bean, back eyed bean, white bean, yellow bean, common bean, broad bean, pinto bean, soybean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea bean, potato bean, dolichos bean, moth bean, mung bean, ricebean, runner bean, tepary bean, urad bean, velvet bean, winged bean, yardlong bean, chickpea, pigeon pea, snap pea, snow pea, lentil, lupin, tarwi, carob, guar, horse gram, cocoa bean, coffee bean, bambara groundnut, cowpea, hyacinth bean, lablab, moringa oleifera, sterculia, yam bean, alfalfa, clover, mesquite, carob, tamarind, and wisteria. The bean is roasted between 165 to 275 degrees Celsius(329 to 527 degrees Fahrenheit). The bean is roasted for a period of time ranging from about ½ to 30 minutes. The roasted bean beverage is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0033]  Distilled water is created by distillation which involves boiling water and then condensing steam in order to remove impurities. The distilled water can be created with addition of ingredient.   [0034]  Mineral water is water from a mineral spring containing various minerals including salts and sulfur compounds. The mineral water can be created with addition of ingredient.   [0035]  Sports drink is created by mixing water, sugar, and electrolyte. The sugar is about 4 and 5 heaped teaspoons of sugar per five ounce (13 and 19 grams per 250 ml) serving for isotonic. The electrolyte is selected from the group consisting of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, chloride, hydrogen phosphate, and hydrogen carbonate. The sports drink is selected from the group consisting of isotonic, hypertonic, and hypotonic. The isotonic sports drink contains similar concentrations of sugar and salt as in human body. The hypertonic sport drink contains a higher concentration of salt and sugar than human body. The hypotonic sport drink contains a lower concentration of salt and sugar than human body. The sports drink is designed to help athletes rehydrate when fluids are depleted after training and competition. The sports drink can have flavoring selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, and vegetable oil flavor. The sports drink can be created with addition of ingredient.   [0036]  Fruit juice is created by method selected from the group consisting of cutting fruit, squeezing fruit, squeezing interior of fruit, and removing any residue. The fruit juice is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0037]  Vegetable juice is created by method selected from the group consisting of cutting vegetable, squeezing vegetable, squeezing interior of vegetable, and removing any residue. The vegetable is selected from the group consisting of root vegetable, fruit vegetable, flower bud, flower, stem shoot, stem, leaf, bulb, cereal grain, nut, seed, bean, and sea vegetable. The vegetable juice is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0038]  Fruit drink is created by method selected from group consisting of cutting fruit into small pieces, grinding fruit into small particles, boiling for about 15 to 60 minutes, removing any residue, and allowing to cool. The fruit drink is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0039]  Vegetable drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of cutting vegetable into small pieces, grinding vegetable into small particles, boiling for about 15 to 60 minutes, removing any residue, and allowing to cool. The vegetable is selected from group consisting of root vegetable, fruit vegetable, flower bud, flower, stem shoot, stem, leaf, bulb, cereal grain, nut, seed, bean, and sea vegetable. The vegetable drink is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0040]  Fruit skin drink is created by peeling outer layer of fruit, boiling for about 15 to 60 minutes, removing any residue, and allowing to cool. The fruit skin drink is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0041]  Vegetable skin drink is created by peeling outer layer of vegetable, boiling for about 15 to 60 minutes, removing any residue, and allowing to cool. The vegetable is selected from the group consisting of root vegetable, fruit vegetable, flower bud, flower, stem shoot, stem, leaf, bulb, cereal grain, nut, seed, bean, and sea vegetable. The vegetable skin drink is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0042]  Plant drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of cutting plant into small pieces, grinding plant into small particles, boiling for about 15 to 60 minutes, removing any residue, and allowing to cool. The plant is selected from the group consisting of leaf, flower, flower bud, pollen, bulb, root, stem, stem shoot, and herb. The plant drink is selected from the group consisting of plain, flavored, and with addition of ingredient.   [0043]  Soft drink is created by mixture selected from the group consisting of water, sweetener, flavoring, caffeine, coloring, preservative, addition of ingredient, and dissolved gas to be applied with pressure. The sweetener is selected from the group consisting of sugar, high fructose corn syrup, maple syrup, syrup, honey, butterscotch, caramel, fruit juice, sugar substitute, and artificial sweetener. The flavoring is selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, vegetable oil flavor, and other flavor, including tea drink, coffee drink, milk drink, yogurt drink, malted drink, roasted cereal grain beverage, roasted nut and seed beverage, roasted bean beverage, distilled water, mineral water, sports drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, fruit drink, vegetable drink, fruit skin drink, vegetable skin drink, plant drink, alcoholic drink, and soup drink. The dissolved gas is selected from group consisting of carbon dioxide, ozone, oxygen, and nitrogen.   [0044]  Alcoholic drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of saccharification of ingredient, fermentation of ingredient, distillation of ingredient, addition of alcohol, removing any residue, and addition of ingredient. The ingredient is selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, vegetable oil flavor, and other flavor, including tea drink, coffee drink, milk drink, yogurt drink, malted drink, roasted cereal grain beverage, roasted nut and seed beverage, roasted bean beverage, distilled water, mineral water, sports drink, fruit juice, vegetable juice, fruit drink, vegetable drink, fruit skin drink, vegetable skin drink, plant drink, soft drink, and soup drink. The alcoholic drink is created with an alcohol level of about ½ to 70 percent. The alcoholic drink is selected from the group consisting of cocktail, liquor, spirit, wine, and beer. The liquor includes berry liquor, chocolate liquor, coffee liquor, cream liquor, creme liquor, flower liquor, fruit liquor, herbal liquor, honey liquor, nut flavored liquor, seed flavored liquor, bean flavored liquor, grain flavored liquor, root liquor, plant liquor, flower bud liquor, leaf liquor, stem liquor, stem shoot liquor, bulb liquor, tea liquor, fruit skin liquor, vegetable liquor, vegetable skin liquor, syrup liquor, butterscotch liquor, caramel liquor, and whisky liquor. The spirit includes vodka, gin, baijiu, tequila, rum, whisky, brandy, and soju. The wine includes white wine, red wine, fruit wine, fruit skin wine, vegetable wine, vegetable skin wine, flower wine, flower bud wine, nut wine, seed wine, bean wine, cereal grain wine, root wine, leaf wine, stem wine, stem shoot wine, bulb wine, tea wine, plant wine, herb wine, milk wine, cream wine, honey wine, syrup wine, butterscotch wine, caramel wine, chocolate wine, coffee wine, starch wine, and champagne. The beer includes fruit beer, fruit skin beer, vegetable beer, vegetable skin beer, flower beer, flower bud beer, nut beer, seed beer, bean beer, cereal grain beer, root beer, leaf beer, stem beer, stem shoot beer, bulb beer, tea beer, plant beer, herb beer, milk beer, cream beer, honey beer, syrup beer, butterscotch beer, caramel beer, chocolate beer, and coffee beer. The alcoholic drink can be created with a low alcohol level of about ½ to 5 percent.   [0045]  Soup drink is created by method selected from the group consisting of cutting ingredient into small pieces, grinding ingredient into small particles, boiling for about 15 to 180 minutes, removing any residue, allowing to cool, and addition of ingredient. The ingredient is selected from the group consisting of meat, seafood, fruit, vegetable, plant, and other ingredient. The soup drink can have flavoring selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, root flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, vegetable oil flavor, and vegetable fat flavor.   [0046]  The addition of ingredient is in form selected from the group consisting of mixed in, and topping.   [0047]  At least one flavoring ingredient is selected from the group consisting of natural flavor, artificial flavor, fruit flavor, plant flavor, plant oil flavor, herb flavor, tea flavor, root flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, cereal grain flavor, fruit skin flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable flavor, vegetable oil flavor, vegetable fat flavor, meat flavor, seafood flavor, and other flavor. The at least one flavoring ingredient is selected from the group consisting of skin, skinned, unskinned, unshelled, cut, uncut, extract, juice, sauce, liquid, oil, gel, jelly, wax, cream, paste, powder, thin layer, small particles, and small pieces. The at least one flavoring ingredient can be uncooked, and cooked by method selected from the group consisting of deep frying, sun drying, roasting, baking, steaming, boiling, grilling, and frying.   [0048]  For flavoring ingredient, other flavor is selected from the group consisting of artificial sweetener, salt, vinegar, sugar, syrup, honey, chocolate, apple sauce, raisin, cream, sour cream, milk, ice cream, yogurt, gelato, sherbet, cheese, cream cheese, cottage cheese, mozzarella, mascarpone, ricotta, butter, margarine, royal jelly, caramel, butterscotch, peanut butter, cookie, biscuit, cake, jelly, pudding, custard, taco, bread, pita, tortilla, pancake, crepe, pastry, waffle, donut, pie, roll, candy, marshmallow, malt, fruit, fruit skin, vegetable, vegetable skin, nut, cereal, bean, plant, herb, vegetable shortening, fish oil, fish liver oil, plant wax, animal wax, beeswax, carnauba wax, tonic water, glycerol, and egg.   [0049]  For flavoring ingredient, fruit flavor and fruit skin flavor are selected from the group consisting of apple, orange, lemon, lime, grapefruit, grape, guava, plum, peach, pear, blackberry, blueberry, strawberry, cranberry, raspberry, cherry, mango, pineapple, pomegranate, papaya, watermelon, rockmelon, hamimelon, melon, honeydew, coconut, durian, passion fruit, banana, fig, apricot, mandarin, blackcurrant, starfruit, kiwi, pomelo, lychee, loquat, persimmon, tangerine, mangosteen, noni, sugar apple, mulberry, elderberry, gooseberry, lingonberry, juniper berry, jackfruit, dragonfruit, abiu, acai, acerola, ackee, cherry orange, moringa, ambarella, araza, arhat, atemoya, atherton raspberry, babaco, bacupari, bacuri, bael, barbadine, beach plum, batuan, bearberry, bignay, bilberry, bilimbi, biriba, black apple, black cherry, black raspberry, black mulberry, black sapote, blood orange, bolwarra, boquila, blue tongue, breadfruit, broad leaf bramble, buddha's hand, buffaloberry, brush cherry, burdekin plum, bush tomato, button mangosteen, caimito, calabash tree, calamondin, calamansi, camucamu, canary melon, canistel, cape gooseberry, capuli cherry, carambola, cardon, carob, cashew apple, cassabanana, cattley guava, cawesh, cedar bay cherry, ceriman, cereus peruvianus, charichuelo, chayote, che, chempedak, chenet, cherimoya, cherry ballart, chokeberry, chokecherry, chupa chupa, citron, clementine, cloudberry, cluster fig, cocky apple, coco plum, cocona, cocoplum, coffee cherry, common apple berry, conkerberry, cornelian cherry, crowberry, cupuacu, currant, curry leaf apple, custard apple, elephant apple, key apple, damson plum, date, date plum, davidson's plum, dead man's finger, desert banana, desert fig, desert lime, dodder laurel, doubah, double coconut, duku, eastern may hawthorn, emu apple, emu berry, false mastic, feijoa, fibrous satinash, finger lime, florida strangler fig, gac, galia melon, gambooge, genip, giant granadilla, otaheite gooseberry, goumi, governor's plum, montessa granadilla, yellow granadilla, greengage, grumichama, guanabana, guarana, cattley guava, pineapple guava, purple guava, strawberry guava, guavaberry, hackberry, hairless rambutan, hardy kiwi, hawthorn, hog plum, honeysuckle, horned melon, huckleberry, huito, ice cream bean, llama, lllawarra plum, imbe, jabuticaba, jambul, jatoba, jelly palm, jocote, jujube, kabosu, kaffir lime, kahikatea, kakadu lime, kakadu plum, kapok, karkalla, karonda, kei apple, kepel fruit, keule, key lime, kitembilla, korlan, kumquat, kutjera, kwai muk, lady apple, lakoocha, langsat, lanzone, lapsi, lardizabala, lemon aspen, leucaena, lillypilly, little gooseberry tree, limequat, loganberry, longan, lucuma, ma praang, mabolo, madrono, malabar plum, mamey sapote, mamoncillo, mangaba, manoao, maqui, marang, marula, mayapple, malay apple, mammee apple, maypop, medlar, melinjo, melon pear, midyim, miracle fruit, mock strawberry, purple mombin, red mombin, yellow mombin, monstera, mora de castilla, morinda, morinda citrifolia, mortiflo, mountain pepper, mountain soursop, wild plum, mundu, muntries, muscadine, muskmelon, naartjie, nageia, nance, nannyberry, naranjilla, neem, nere, nonda plum, nungu, oil palm, oregan grape, oroblanco, otaheite gooseberry, palmyra palm, pawpaw, peachpalm, peanut butter fruit, pepino, pequi, peumo, phalsa, pigeon pea, pigeon plum, pigface, pindo palm, pineapple guava, pitomba, pois doux, pommecythere, pommerac, prickly pear, prune, pulasan, pummelo, pupunha, purple apple berry, purple granadilla, quandong, queensland ebony, quince, raisin tree, rambutan, red granadilla, red mulberry, rhubarb, riberry, rimu, rollinia, rose apple, rose hip, rose leaf bramble, rose myrtle, rowan, safou, sageretia, saguaro, salak, salal, salmonberry, sandpaper fig, santol, mamey, sapodilla, fibrous satinash, saskatoonberry, saw palmetto, sea buckthorn, serviceberry, shipova, small leaf tamarind, snow berry, soncoya, servicetree, soursop, southern crabapple, spanish lime, spanish tamarind, spiny monkey orange, star apple, carambola, strawberry guava, ugni, strawberry pear, surinam cherry, sweet apple berry, sweet ganadilla, sweet lemon, sweet orange, sweet pepper, sweetsop, sycamore fig, tamarillo, tamarind, monkey tamarind, velvet tamarind, tanjong, texas persimmon, thimbleberry, totara, toyon, wampee, water apple, wax apple, wax jambu, acerola, white aspen, white mulberry, white sapote, wild grape, wild orange, wild peach, wild plum, wild mangosteen, wineberry, wolfberry, wongi, wood apple, yangmei, yellow plum, yew, youngberry, and zig zag vine.   [0050]  For flavoring ingredient, vegetable flavor, vegetable skin flavor, vegetable oil flavor, and vegetable fat flavor are selected from the group consisting of root vegetable, fruit vegetable, flower bud, stem shoot, stem, leaf, bulb, cereal grain, nut, seed, bean, sea vegetable, and other types of vegetable, including aloe vera, jojoba, ahipa, arracacha, bamboo shoot, beetroot, burdock, broadleaf arrowhead, camas, canna, carrot, cassava, celeriac, chinese artichoke, daikon, earthnut pea, elephant foot yam, ensete, galangal, ginger, ginseng, hamberg parsley, horseradish, lotus root, jerusalem artichoke, jicama, mashua, parsley root, parsnip, pignut, potato, prairie turnip, radish, rutabaga, salsify, scorzonera, skirret, swede, sweet potato, taro, ti, tigernut, turmeric, turnip, ulluco, wasabi, water caltrop, water chestnut, yalcon, yam, avocado, bell pepper, bitter melon, bitter gourd, breadfruit, chayote, cucumber, ivy gourd, eggplant, aubergine, brinjal, luffa, nopal, okra, pepper, pumpkin, squash, sweet corn, sweet pepper, tinda, tomatillo, tomato, west indian gherkin, winter melon, zucchini, courgette, artichoke, broccoli, caper, cauliflower, courgette flower, globe artichoke, squash blossom, asparagus, prussian asparagus, bamboo shoot, celery, leek, wild leek, lemongrass, rhubarb, cardoon, kurrat, galangal, amaranth, arugula, beet green, bok choy, borage, broccoli rabe, brussel sprout, cabbage, catsear, celery, celtuce, chard, chaya, chickweed, chicory, chinese mallow, chive, choi sum, chrysanthemum, collard green, common purslane, corn salad, cress, dandelion, endive, fat hen, fiddlehead, fluted pumpkin, garden rocket, golden samphire, good king henry, greater plantain, kai lan, kale, komatsuna, kuka, lagos bologi, lamb's lettuce, lamb's quarters, land cress, leek, lettuce, lizard's tail, malabar spinach, melokhia, miner's lettuce, mizuna green, mustard green, napa cabbage, new zealand spinach, orache, pak choy, paracress, pea, poke, radicchio, samphire, sculpit, stridolo, sea beet, sea kale, sierra leoni bologi, soko, sorrel, spinach, summer purslane, swiss chard, tatsoi, turnip green, watercress, water spinach, wheatgrass, winter purslane, yarrow, yao choy, cardoon, chive, florence fennel, elephant garlic, garlic, garlic chive, kohlrabi, onion, pearl onion, potato onion, spring onion, tree onion, welsh onion, quamash, scallion, shallot, rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, wattleseed, almond, cashew, chestnut, coconut, hazelnut, macadamia, peanut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, walnut, acorn, brazil nut, gingko nut, shea nut, beechnut, candlenut, kurrajong, mongongo, palm nut, karuka, red bopple nut, hickory, jacknut, pepea nut, yellow walnut, cycad, munya nut, monkey puzzle nut, paradise nut, colocynth, filbert, mamoncillo, maya nut, ogbono nut, water caltrop, juniper, podocarp, cempedak, coffee, egusi, fox nut, jackfruit, malabar gourd, nutmeg, breadnut, betel nut, cola nut, pili nut, olive, drumstick, okra, pumpkin seed, sesame seed, sunflower seed, lotus seed, hemp seed, green bean, red bean, azuki bean, black bean, back eyed bean, white bean, yellow bean, common bean, broad bean, pinto bean, soybean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea bean, potato bean, dolichos bean, moth bean, mung bean, ricebean, runner bean, tepary bean, urad bean, velvet bean, winged bean, yardlong bean, chickpea, pigeon pea, snap pea, snow pea, lentil, lupin, tarwi, carob, guar, horse gram, cocoa bean, bambara groundnut, cowpea, hyacinth bean, lablab, moringa oleifera, sterculia, yam bean, alfalfa, clover, mesquite, carob, tamarind, wisteria, aonori, arame, carola, caulerpa, dabberlocks, dulse, hijiki, kombu, laver, mozuku, nori, ogonori, sea grape, sea lettuce, sea weed, wakame, truffle, mushroom, and bean sprout.   [0051]  For flavoring ingredient, plant flavor, plant oil flavor,herb flavor, tea flavor, root flavor, flower flavor, flower bud flavor, pollen flavor, leaf flavor, stem flavor, stem shoot flavor, bulb flavor, nut flavor, seed flavor, bean flavor, and cereal grain flavor are selected from the group consisting of leaf, flower, flower bud, pollen, root, bulb, stem, stem shoot, and herb, including hop, menthol, cordyceps, echinacea, elder, horehound, mallow, sage, thyme, cowslip, burnet, yarrow, marsh mallow, lady's mantle, speedwell, plantain, linden flowers, wild thyme, hyssop, eucalyptus, sea buckthorn, elder blossom, verbena, lemon balm, clove, coriander, cumin, basil, dill, rosemary, parsley, fennel, oregano, allspice, catnip, wormwood, musk, chili, horseradish, turmeric, mustard, curry, wasabi, mountain mint, peppermint, spearmint, wintergreen, cinnamon, licorice, rose, jasmine, chamomile, chrysanthemum, lavender, acacia, safflower, vanilla, asafoetida, balsam, bay, buchu, birch, camphor, cannabis, caraway, calamus, cistus, citronella, clary sage,costus, cubeb, cypress, cypriol,davana, elecampane, fenugreek, fir, frankincense, galbanum, geranium, goldenrod, henna, helichrysum, hickory, juniper, ledum, litseacubeba, marjoram, melaleuca, mountain savory, mugwort, myrrh, myrtle,neroli, nutmeg, orris,palosanto, petitgrain, pine, ravensara, red cedar, rosewood, sage, sassafras,schisandra, spikenard, spruce, tea tree, tsuga, valerian, yarrow, ylangylang, zedoary, benzoin, copaiba, manuka, bergamot, patchouli, lilium, ambergris, gardenia, oakmoss, labdanum, coumarin, iris, water lily, ivy, amber, carnation, vetiver, cardamom, freesia, cyclamen, muguet, gardenia, tuberose, tonka bean,agarwood, cedarwood, sandalwood,alfafa, apple, orange, lemon, lime, grapefruit, grape, guava, plum, peach, pear, blackberry, blueberry, strawberry, cranberry, raspberry, cherry, mango, pineapple, pomegranate, papaya, watermelon, rockmelon, hamimelon, melon, honeydew, coconut, durian, passion fruit, banana, fig, apricot, mandarin, blackcurrant, starfruit, kiwi, pomelo, lychee, loquat, persimmon, tangerine, mangosteen, noni, sugar apple, mulberry, elderberry, gooseberry, lingonberry, juniper berry, jackfruit, dragonfruit, abiu, acai, acerola, ackee, cherry orange, moringa, ambarella, araza, arhat, atemoya, atherton raspberry, babaco, bacupari, bacuri, bael, barbadine, beach plum, batuan, bearberry, bignay, bilberry, bilimbi, biriba, black apple, black cherry, black raspberry, black mulberry, black sapote, blood orange, bolwarra, boquila, blue tongue, breadfruit, broad leaf bramble, buddha's hand, buffaloberry, brush cherry, burdekin plum, bush tomato, button mangosteen, caimito, calabash tree, calamondin, calamansi, camucamu, canary melon, canistel, cape gooseberry, capuli cherry, carambola, cardon, carob, cashew apple, cassabanana, cattley guava, cawesh, cedar bay cherry, ceriman, cereus peruvianus, charichuelo, chayote, che, chempedak, chenet, cherimoya, cherry ballart, chokeberry, chokecherry, chupa chupa, citron, clementine, cloudberry, cluster fig, cocky apple, coco plum, cocona, cocoplum, coffee cherry, common apple berry, conkerberry, cornelian cherry, crowberry, cupuacu, currant, curry leaf apple, custard apple, elephant apple, key apple, damson plum, date, date plum, davidson's plum, dead man's finger, desert banana, desert fig, desert lime, dodder laurel, doubah, double coconut, duku, eastern may hawthorn, emu apple, emu berry, false mastic, feijoa, fibrous satinash, finger lime, florida strangler fig, gac, galia melon, gambooge, genip, giant granadilla, otaheite gooseberry, goumi, governor's plum, montessa granadilla, yellow granadilla, greengage, grumichama, guanabana, guarana, cattley guava, pineapple guava, purple guava, strawberry guava, guavaberry, hackberry, hairless rambutan, hardy kiwi, hawthorn, hog plum, honeysuckle, horned melon, huckleberry, huito, ice cream bean, llama, lllawarra plum, imbe, jabuticaba, jambul, jatoba, jelly palm, jocote, jujube, kabosu, kaffir lime, kahikatea, kakadu lime, kakadu plum, kapok, karkalla, karonda, kei apple, kepel fruit, keule, key lime, kitembilla, korlan, kumquat, kutjera, kwai muk, lady apple, lakoocha, langsat, lanzone, lapsi, lardizabala, lemon aspen, leucaena, lillypilly, little gooseberry tree, limequat, loganberry, longan, lucuma, ma praang, mabolo, madrono, malabar plum, mamey sapote, mamoncillo, mangaba, manoao, maqui, marang, manila, mayapple, malay apple, mammee apple, maypop, medlar, melinjo, melon pear, midyim, miracle fruit, mock strawberry, purple mombin, red mombin, yellow mombin, monstera, mora de castilla, morinda, morinda citrifolia, mortillo, mountain pepper, mountain soursop, wild plum, mundu, muntries, muscadine, muskmelon, naartjie, nageia, nance, nannyberry, naranjilla, neem, nere, nonda plum, nungu, oil palm, oregan grape, oroblanco, otaheite gooseberry, palmyra palm, pawpaw, peachpalm, peanut butter fruit, pepino, pequi, peumo, phalsa, pigeon pea, pigeon plum, pigface, pindo palm, pineapple guava, pitomba, pois doux, pommecythere, pommerac, prickly pear, prune, pulasan, pummelo, pupunha, purple apple berry, purple granadilla, quandong, queensland ebony, quince, raisin tree, rambutan, red granadilla, red mulberry, rhubarb, riberry, rimu, rollinia, rose apple, rose hip, rose leaf bramble, rose myrtle, rowan, safou, sageretia, saguaro, salak, salal, salmonberry, sandpaper fig, santol, mamey, sapodilla, fibrous satinash, saskatoonberry, saw palmetto, sea buckthorn, serviceberry, shipova, small leaf tamarind, snow berry, soncoya, servicetree, soursop, southern crabapple, spanish lime, spanish tamarind, spiny monkey orange, star apple, carambola, strawberry guava, ugni, strawberry pear, surinam cherry, sweet apple berry, sweet ganadilla, sweet lemon, sweet orange, sweet pepper, sweetsop, sycamore fig, tamarillo, tamarind, monkey tamarind, velvet tamarind, tanjong, texas persimmon, thimbleberry, totara, toyon, wampee, water apple, wax apple, wax jambu, acerola, white aspen, white mulberry, white sapote, wild grape, wild orange, wild peach, wild plum, wild mangosteen, wineberry, wolfberry, wongi, wood apple, yangmei, yellow plum, yew, youngberry, zig zag vine, ahipa, arracacha, bamboo shoot, beetroot, burdock, broadleaf arrowhead, camas, canna, carrot, cassava, celeriac, chinese artichoke, daikon, earthnut pea, elephant foot yam, ensete, galangal, ginger, ginseng, hamberg parsley, lotus root, jerusalem artichoke, jicama, mashua, parsley root, parsnip, pignut, potato, prairie turnip, radish, rutabaga, salsify, scorzonera, skirret, swede, sweet potato, taro, ti, tigernut, turnip, ulluco, wasabi, water caltrop, water chestnut, yalcon, yam, avocado, bell pepper, bitter melon, bitter gourd, breadfruit, chayote, cucumber, ivy gourd, eggplant, aubergine, brinjal, luffa, nopal, okra, pepper, pumpkin, squash, sweet corn, sweet pepper, tinda, tomatillo, tomato, west indian gherkin, winter melon, zucchini, courgette, artichoke, broccoli, caper, cauliflower, courgette flower, globe artichoke, squash blossom, asparagus, prussian asparagus, bamboo shoot, celery, leek, wild leek, lemongrass, rhubarb, cardoon, kurrat, galangal, amaranth, arugula, beet green, bok choy, borage, broccoli rabe, brussel sprout, cabbage, catsear, celery, celtuce, chard, chaya, chickweed, chicory, chinese mallow, chive, choi sum, collard green, common purslane, corn salad, cress, dandelion, endive, fat hen, fiddlehead, fluted pumpkin, garden rocket, golden samphire, good king henry, greater plantain, kai lan, kale, komatsuna, kuka, lagos bologi, lamb's lettuce, lamb's quarters, land cress, leek, lettuce, lizard's tail, malabar spinach, melokhia, miner's lettuce, mizuna green, mustard green, napa cabbage, new zealand spinach, orache, pak choy, paracress, pea, poke, radicchio, samphire, sculpit, stridolo, sea beet, sea kale, sierra leoni bologi, soko, sorrel, spinach, summer purslane, swiss chard, tatsoi, turnip green, watercress, water spinach, wheatgrass, winter purslane, yarrow, yao choy, cardoon, chive, florence fennel, elephant garlic, garlic, garlic chive, kohlrabi, onion, pearl onion, potato onion, spring onion, tree onion, welsh onion, quamash, scallion, shallot, rice, barley, oat, barley, rye, corn, wheat, buckwheat, millet, sorghum, spelt, quinoa, chicory, molasses, beet root, fonio, palmer's grass, teff, triticale, cattail, chia, flax, grain amaranth, canihua, pitseed goosefoot, wattleseed, almond, cashew, chestnut, coconut, hazelnut, macadamia, peanut, pecan, pine nut, pistachio, walnut, acorn, brazil nut, gingko nut, shea nut, beechnut, candlenut, kurrajong, mongongo, palm nut, karuka, red bopple nut, hickory, jacknut, pepea nut, yellow walnut, cycad, munya nut, monkey puzzle nut, paradise nut, colocynth, filbert, mamoncillo, maya nut, ogbono nut, water caltrop, juniper, podocarp, cempedak, coffee, egusi, fox nut, jackfruit, malabar gourd, nutmeg, breadnut, betel nut, cola nut, pili nut, olive, drumstick, okra, pumpkin seed, sesame seed, sunflower seed, lotus seed, hemp seed, green bean, red bean, azuki bean, black bean, back eyed bean, white bean, yellow bean, common bean, broad bean, pinto bean, soybean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea bean, potato bean, dolichos bean, moth bean, mung bean, ricebean, runner bean, tepary bean, urad bean, velvet bean, winged bean, yardlong bean, chickpea, pigeon pea, snap pea, snow pea, lentil, lupin, tarwi, carob, guar, horse gram, cocoa bean, coffee bean, bambara groundnut, cowpea, hyacinth bean, lablab, moringa oleifera, sterculia, yam bean, alfalfa, clover, mesquite, carob, tamarind, wisteria, aonori, arame, carola, caulerpa, dabberlocks, dulse, hijiki, kombu, laver, mozuku, nori, ogonori, sea grape, sea lettuce, sea weed, wakame, truffle, mushroom, bean sprout, acai, aloe vera, arnica, ashoka, asthma weed, astragalus, barberry, belladonna, bitter leaf, bitter orange, black cohosh, blessed thistle, cat's claw, cayenne, chaparral, chasteberry, cinchona, coffee senna, comfrey, digitalis, dong quai, ephedra, european mistletoe, evening primrose, fenugreek, feverfew, flaxseed, gingko, goldenseal, hoodia, horse chestnut, horsetail, jamaica dogwood, jojoba, kava, khat, konjac, kratom, kanna, licorice root, marigold, moringa oleifera, milk thistle, neem, opium poppy, purple coneflower, passion flower, red clover, syrian rue, st john's wort, saw palmetto, tea tree oil, thunder god vine, tulasi, turmeric, umckaloabo, valerian, white willow, yerba santa, ajwain, akudjura, alexanders, alkanet, alligator pepper, angelica, anise, anise hyssop, aniseed myrtle, annatto, apple mint, artemisia, asafoetida, asarabacca, avens, avocado leaf, barberry, bay leaf, bee balm, boldo, borage, black cardamom, blue fenugreek, caraway, cardamom, cassia, cayenne pepper, celery leaf, celery seed, chervil, chicory, cicely, cilantro, clary, costmary, cubeb pepper, cudweed, culantro, curry leaf, curry plant, dill seed, epazote, fenugreek, filé powder, fingerroot, galangal, galingale, ganoderma, golpar, grains of paradise, grains of selim, houttuynia cordata, huacatay, indonesian bay leaf, jimbu, kaffir lime leaves, kala zeera, kawakawa seeds, kencur, keluak, kinh gioi, kokam seed, korarima, koseret leaves, lemon myrtle, lemon ironbark, lemon verbena, leptotes bicolor, lesser calamint, lime flower, lovage, mahlab, marjoram, mastic, mountain horopito, musk mallow, nasturtium, nigella, njangsa, neem, olida, orris root, pandan flower, pandan leaf, paprika, paracress, peppermint gum leaf, perilla, pandanus amaryllifolius, quassia, ramsons, rice paddy herb, rue, saffron, salad burnet, salep, sassafras, savory, silphium, shiso, sorrel, spikenard, star anise, sumac, sweet woodruff, tarragon, voatsiperifery, water-pepper, wattleseed, wild betel, willow herb, wood avens, and woodruff.   [0052]  For flavoring ingredient, vegetable oil flavor is selected from the group consisting of corn oil, canola oil, peanut oil, olive oil, coconut oil, soybean oil, sesame oil, sunflower oil, flaxseed oil, grape seed oil, pumpkin seed oil, safflower oil, argan oil, rice bran oil, palm oil, palm kernel oil, almond oil, avocado oil, cottonseed oil, hemp oil, mustard oil, macadamia oil, groundnut oil, teaseed oil, walnut oil, cashew oil, castor oil, colza oil, hazelnut oil, linseed oil, manila oil, mongongo nut oil, mustard oil, pecan oil, perilla oil, pine nut oil, pistachio oil, poppyseed oil, rapeseed oil, jojoba oil, and watermelon seed oil.   [0053]  For flavoring ingredient, meat flavor is selected from the group consisting of chicken, duck, goose, turkey, quail, rabbit, sheep, goat, cow, pig, deer, bison, buffalo, crocodile, frog, turtle, snail, worm, bacon, sausage, animal tissue, animal organ, animal tongue, animal tail, animal feet, animal liver, animal stomach, animal intestine, animal brain, animal heart, animal skin, animal tendon, animal fat, animal bone marrow, and animal blood.   [0054]  For flavoring ingredient, seafood flavor is selected from the group consisting of squid, cuttle fish, shrimp, crab, crayfish, octopus, clam, oyster, scallop, lobster, abalone, conch, jellyfish, prawn, hill, mussel, sea cucumber, sea urchin, eel, snail, shrimp roe, crab roe, lobster roe, fish roe, and fish.   [0055]  At least one nutritional ingredient comprises essential nutrient selected from the group consisting of vitamin, dietary mineral, amino acid, and fatty acid. The vitamin includes vitamin A, vitamin B1, vitamin B2, vitamin B3, vitamin B5, vitamin B6, vitamin B7, vitamin B9, vitamin B12, vitamin C, vitamin D, vitamin E, and vitamin K. The dietary mineral includes calcium, phosphorus, potassium, sulfur, sodium, chlorine, magnesium, iron, cobalt, copper, zinc, molybdenum, iodine, selenium, manganese, nickle, chromium, fluorine, boron, and strontium. The amino acid includes histidine, isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, cysteine, phenylalanine, tyrosine, threonine, tryptophan, and valine. The fatty acid includes alpha-linoleic acid(an omega-3 fatty acid) and linoleic acid(an omega-6 fatty acid). The at least one nutritional ingredient is in form selected from the group consisting of extract, juice, sauce, liquid, oil, gel, jelly, wax, cream, paste, powder, thin layer, small particles, and small pieces.   [0056]  At least one health ingredient comprises medication and other health ingredient. The medication is mixed into the beverage for ease of consumption. Other health ingredient is selected from the group consisting of electrolyte, lactase, yeast, propolis, and quinine. The at least one health ingredient is in form selected from the group consisting of extract, juice, sauce, liquid, oil, gel, jelly, wax, cream, paste, powder, thin layer, small particles, and small pieces.   [0057]  At least one other ingredient comprises food additive is selected from group consisting of acid, acidity regulator, alcohol, anticaking agent, antifoaming agent, antioxidant, bulking agent, coagulation agent, food coloring, color retention agent, emulsifier, flavor enhancer, flour treatment agent, gelling agent, glazing agent, humectant, leavening agent, tracer gas, preservative, stabilizer, sweetener, tenderizer, and thickener.   [0058]  The beverage system is packaged as individual package and multiple package. The packaging can be in air tight container. And the packaging is selected from the group consisting of paper, plastic, metal, and glass.   [0059]  It should be noted that the steps described in the method of use can be carried out in many different orders according to user preference. The use of “step of” should not be interpreted as “step for”, in the claims herein and is not intended to invoke the provisions of 35 U.S.C. §112, ⇑6. Upon reading this specification, it should be appreciated that, under appropriate circumstances, considering such issues as design preference, user preferences, marketing preferences, cost, structural requirements, available materials, technological advances, etc., other methods of use arrangements such as, for example, different orders within above-mentioned list, elimination or addition of certain steps, including or excluding certain maintenance steps, etc., may be sufficient.   [0060]  The embodiments of the invention described herein are exemplary and numerous modifications, variations and rearrangements can be readily envisioned to achieve substantially equivalent results, all of which are intended to be embraced within the spirit and scope of the invention. Further, the purpose of the foregoing abstract is to enable the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the public generally, and especially the scientist, engineers and practitioners in the art who are not familiar with patent or legal terms or phraseology, to determine quickly from a cursory inspection the nature and essence of the technical disclosure of the application.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/US20140234488A1/en"}
{"Title":"Patents","Abstract":"","Description":"","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/US20040192551A1/en"}
{"Title":"Fat-decreasing biscuit","Abstract":"Abstract  The invention is concerned with the food combination and preparation method for digestion and reducing fat, the compositions and ratio is: red sage root, hawkthorn, fleece-flower root, notoginseng, chrysanthemum, hemlock parsley, medlar, purslane, which is better loss weight effect, and lower price.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  降脂饼干 Lowering biscuit  技术领域 TECHNICAL FIELD  本发明涉及一种治疗肥胖诸证的食品组合及制备方法，尤其是消食化积、利水渗湿、降脂减肥的饼干。 The present invention relates to a method of treating obesity all evidence of food composition and preparation methods, especially digestion of the plot, diuresis Shenshi, lipid-lowering diet biscuits.  背景技术 Background technique   肥胖是指人体中脂肪积聚过多，通常分为两类，一类是继发性肥胖，它是伴随着某些疾病而发生的，如胰岛性肥胖，甲状腺机能低下性肥胖等(这类肥胖极为少见)。 Obesity refers to excessive accumulation of body fat, usually divided into two categories, one is secondary to obesity, which is associated with the occurrence of certain diseases, such as obesity, insulin resistance, hypothyroidism, obesity, etc. (such obesity extremely rare). 第二类为单纯性肥胖，它伴随内分泌等系统的变化，主要是由于碳水化合物及动物性脂肪摄取量超过了人体的消耗量，人体把多余的物质转化为脂肪储存在各组织及皮下而发生的，男性一般脂肪沉积在腹部，女性多沉积于乳房、臀部、大腿上部。 The second category of obesity, it is accompanied by changes in endocrine system, mainly due to the carbohydrates and animal fat intake exceeds the body's consumption of excess body into fat storage occurs in the subcutaneous tissue and the men generally fat deposition in the abdomen, females deposited breasts, buttocks, upper thighs. 通常造成肥胖的原因是多方面的，主要有遗传、饮食、运动、疾病等方面的原因：1、家族肥胖的遗传基因。 Usually caused by obesity are many reasons, there are genetic reasons, diet, exercise, and other aspects of the disease: 1, family obesity genes. 科学家们目前至少发现了3种与肥胖有关的基因，这些基因能产生大量增加食欲的蛋白质，使人体吸收大量超过需要的热量而导致肥胖。 Scientists have found that there are at least three kinds of obesity-related genes that can produce large amounts of protein increases appetite, so that the body needs to absorb a lot of heat over and lead to obesity. 据研究证实，约有60％～80％以上的肥胖者有家族史，有人统计556例双亲肥胖的子女，肥胖率达63％～87％。 Studies have shown that more than about 60% to 80% of obese people have a family history, some statistics 556 cases of obese parents of children obesity rate of 63% to 87%. 而正常双亲的子女，肥胖率仅有10％～36％，可见肥胖与遗传的密切相关性。 The parents of normal children, obesity rate is only 10% to 36%, showing a close correlation between obesity and genetics.  2、营养过剩和运动不足。 2, nutrition and lack of exercise. 营养过剩或失衡，贪吃动物性蛋白和脂肪，烟酒无度，不加节制，生活无规律，懒惰嗜睡。 Nutrition or unbalanced, greedy animal protein and fat, excessive alcohol and tobacco, without restraint, living without the law, lazy lethargy. 运动不足，整天坐在办公室、电脑或电视机前，极少参加体力劳动和锻炼；适应性差，承受不了现代快节奏的工作与生活环境的压力，导致内分泌失调等。 Lack of exercise all day sitting in the office, the computer or the TV, and rarely participate in physical exercise; poor adaptability, can not withstand the pressure of the modern fast-paced work and living environment, resulting in endocrine disorders.  3、病理原因。 3, pathology. 脑垂体病变、女性绝经期生殖机能减退、甲状腺功能减退、肾上腺皮质分泌功能亢进、中枢神经性疾病如脑炎后遗症等都可使身体发生病理性肥胖。 Pituitary disease, postmenopausal female hypogonadism, hypothyroidism, adrenal secretion of hyperthyroidism, central nervous system diseases such as encephalitis and so the body can occur morbid obesity.  4、衰老表现。 4, aging performance. 人到中年后，新陈代谢减慢，生理上产生惰性，运动减少，营养供过于求，导致肥胖，尤其是女性生育后，腹部肌肉松弛，内分泌失调，如不注意及时锻炼恢复体形，很容易导致肥胖。 Into middle age, the metabolism slows down, resulting in a physiologically inert, less exercise, nutrition oversupply, leading to obesity, especially in women after childbirth, abdominal muscle relaxation, endocrine disorders, such as not pay attention to timely exercise back into shape, easily lead to obesity.   研究表明，目前治疗上述症状的生物制剂在治疗效果上不能满足需要，更好地为患者减轻痛苦；也有少数药效比较好的配方及成剂，但成药的服用方式药效吸收差，达不到有效治疗的目的；药物安全性能差，副作用大，易反弹；如住院治疗费用高，不为患者所接受。 Studies have shown that the treatment of the symptoms of biological agents in the treatment effect can not meet the needs, the better for the patient to alleviate the suffering; there are a few good recipes and efficacy as agents, but the way the efficacy of medicines taking poor absorption of not the purpose of effective treatment; poor performance of drug safety, side effects, easy to rebound; such as high cost of hospital treatment, not acceptable to the patient.  发明内容 SUMMARY  本发明的目的是提供一种制药成本低、食用方便、治疗和保健效果明显、对人体无副作用的多功能保健食品。 Object of the present invention is to provide a low cost pharmacy, convenience food, treatment and care effect is obvious, the human body without side effects, multi-functional health food.   一种用于治疗肥胖诸证及预防其相关并发症的食品，所提供的技术方案是：取面粉90-95kg，淀粉10-15kg，砂糖(以糖浆形式使用)25-30kg，食用油10-15kg，食盐7-10kg，鸡蛋4-6kg，丹参3-4kg，山楂5-6kg，首乌3-5kg，三七7-9kg，菊花5-7kg，川芎3-7kg，枸杞子6-8kg，马齿苋4-7kg，先将中药清洗，煎煮两次，经过滤浓缩后，加上蛋黄、糖浆液和面，然后模具压制，在200～280℃高温条件下成品所得的饼干。 A method of treating obesity and prevention of all evidence of its related complications for food, technical solution offered is: take the flour 90-95kg, starch 10-15kg, sugar (in syrup form) 25-30kg, edible 10- 15kg, salt 7-10kg, eggs 4-6kg, Salvia 3-4kg, hawthorn 5-6kg, Radix 3-5kg, thirty-seven 7-9kg, chrysanthemum 5-7kg, Chuanxiong 3-7kg, medlar 6-8kg, purslane 4-7kg, the first medicine washing, boiling twice, filtered and concentrated, add egg yolks, syrup and liquid surface, then pressing mold, the resulting finished biscuit at 200 ~ 280 ℃ high temperature conditions.  为实现本发明所提供的制备方法包括以下步骤：a、调粉：将中药清洗干净，煎煮两次，经过滤浓缩，加水18-20％、糖浆、蛋黄液和面，用双浆立式调粉机，约调20-25分钟；b、静置：静置10-15分钟；c、压面：约10-11次；d、成型：用辊切或冲印； Preparation for the implementation of the present invention include the following steps: a, tune powder: clean the medicine, decoction twice, filtered and concentrated to 18-20% water, syrup, egg yolk and face, with a double vertical slurry tune powder machine, transfer about 20-25 minutes; b, standing: stand for 10-15 minutes; c, pressing: about 10-11 times; d, forming: cut or roll printing;   e、烘烤：低温度长时间烘烤，若温度在225-250摄氏度可烘烤4-6分钟；f、冷却：冷却完全，接近室温，低于45摄氏度时包装；中药川芎为伞形科植物川芎的干燥根茎，性辛、温，具有活血行气、祛风止痛、开郁燥湿等功效。 e, baking: baking low temperature for a long time, if the temperature in the 225-250 degrees Celsius can bake 4-6 minutes; f, cooling: cooled completely, close to room temperature, below 45 degrees Celsius Package; Chuanxiong Umbelliferae Chuanxiong dry roots, sexual acrid, warm, with blood circulation of qi, chills and pain, stagnation and dampness and other effects.  (1)中医药理论认为川芎“辛香走窜而行气，活血祛瘀以止血，上行头目而祛风，下入血海以调经，并外彻皮毛，旁通四肢，为血中之气药”，故常用于内服，主治头痛眩晕、风湿痹痛、胸肋刺痛、跌打肿痛、闭经痛经、月经不调、寒痹痉挛、痈疽疮疡以及产后瘀阻腹痛等病症。 (1) Chinese medicine theory that Chuanxiong "and spicy take channeling Qi, stasis to stop bleeding, the upstream leader and chills down into the sea of ​​blood to regulate menstruation, and outside Chepi hair, limbs bypass for blood gas medicine ", Guchang for oral administration, attending headache, dizziness, rheumatism, Sternocostal irritation, bruises, swelling, amenorrhea, dysmenorrhea, irregular menstruation, cold spastic paralysis, ulcer sore and postpartum blood stasis abdominal pain and other symptoms.   (2)川芎既为妇科要药，又系治疗头痛良方，尤以疗理风寒、风热、血虚之头痛著称。 (2) both for gynecological Chuanxiong to the drug, and Department of headache remedy, especially Therapy cold, wind-heat, blood deficiency headache known. 现代医学科学研究发现，川芎提取液对抑制白血病细胞有一定作用，药理学研究证实，川芎制剂有一定的抗菌作用，尤其是对伤寒杆菌、副伤寒杆菌、霍乱弧菌、绿脓杆菌及致病性皮肤真菌等均有抑制作用。 Modern medical research found that Chuanxiong extract on inhibition of leukemia cells have a role, pharmacological studies confirmed that Chuanxiong agents have some antibacterial effect, especially typhoid bacillus, paratyphoid bacillus, Vibrio cholerae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and pathogenic inhibited skin fungi.  (3)川芎中所含有的川芎嗪、阿魏酸纳具有活血化瘀功效，可扩张冠状动脉，增进冠脉流量，缓解心绞痛，并具有抗血栓形成作用；所含的川芎内酯有平滑肌解痉和抑制肠肌、子宫收缩等作用；川芎制剂还具有抗放射线作用。 (3) contained in the TMP Chuanxiong and ferulic acid is satisfied with blood circulation effect, can expand coronary artery, increase coronary blood flow, relieve angina, and has antithrombotic effect; Chuanxiong lactone contained in smooth muscle Solutions and inhibition of intestinal muscle spasm, uterine contractions and so on; Chuanxiong formulation also has anti-radiation effect.  (4)川芎也是多种中成药的主要成分，比如常用的益母丸、人参败毒丸、十全大补丸、再造散、柏子养心丸、越鞠丸等中成药均含有川芎。 The main component (4) is Chuanxiong variety of proprietary Chinese medicines, such as the commonly used Yimu pills, ginseng sepsis pills, pills Shiquandabu, recycling powder, Baiziyangxin pills, medicine balls contain more Ju Chuan Xiong.   (5)但川芎为血中气药，辛温走窜而行气，在使用中应注意辨证与禁忌，凡阴虚火旺、下虚上盛、肝阳火盛、年迈气弱、气逆呕吐、月经过多等均应忌用。 (5) but Ligusticum blood gas medicine, Xin Wen go channeling and gas lines in use should be noted syndrome and Taboo, where wang, under the virtual Sheng, liver yang fire therein, elderly qi is weak, inverse gas and vomiting , menorrhagia, etc. should be hanged.   丹参含有丹参酚、丹参素、丹参酮等多种活性成分，具有活血化瘀，理气止痛的作用，用于治疗冠心病、心绞痛等，近年又广泛用于治疗多种肝病，包括急慢性肝炎、脂肪肝、肝纤维化、肝腹水等，随着药理研究的深入，丹参治疗在肝病方面显示出越来越广阔的前景，其主要作用有以下几个方面：(1)对肝损伤的保护作用。 Salvia Salvia role containing phenol, danshensu, Tan and other active ingredients, with blood circulation, qi analgesic for the treatment of coronary heart disease, angina, in recent years is widely used to treat a variety of liver diseases, including acute and chronic hepatitis, fatty liver, liver fibrosis, liver ascites, etc., with the deepening of the pharmacological research, Salvia treatment shows more and more broad prospects in terms of liver disease, and its main role in the following areas: (1) the protective effect on liver injury. 实验研究发现，皮下注射丹参水煎醇沉液可使肝损伤家兔ALT明显下降，炎症反应如细胞浊肿、脂肪变性和坏死都较对照组减轻，丹参能有效推迟和减轻缺血后再灌注引起的不可逆肝损伤。 Experimental study found that subcutaneous injection of Salvia Cordiofolia liquid can hepatic injury in rabbits ALT significantly decreased inflammatory response such as cell cloudy swelling, fatty degeneration and necrosis were compared with the control group reduced delays and Salvia can effectively reduce ischemic reperfusion cause irreversible liver damage. 通过建立大鼠酒精肝细胞损伤模型检测肝组织，表明丹参能减轻酒精所致的肝细胞脂肪变性和坏死及抑制TG含量。 Through the establishment of rat model of alcoholic liver injury liver tissue was detected, indicating that Salvia can reduce alcohol-induced hepatic steatosis and necrosis and inhibition of TG content. 对于家兔肝缺血模型，丹参可明显减轻线粒体和粗粒内质网肿胀。 For hepatic ischemia model, Salvia can significantly reduce the mitochondria and endoplasmic reticulum swelling coarse. 对猪冷缺血再灌注模型，丹参可减轻肝细胞浊肿、脂变和汇管区炎症。 Pig cold ischemia-reperfusion model, Salvia reduce liver cells cloudy swelling, fatty degeneration and portal inflammation.  (2)对肝细胞再生的促进作用。 (2) for regeneration promoting effect. 给大鼠施行部分肝切除后，予丹参注射液，发现对肝细胞内DNA合成有明显促进作用，可加速细胞分裂增殖及再生，同时应用SPECT测鼠残肝有效血流量变化，发现丹参注身液可明显提高残肝有效血流量，使其于术后7天恢复正常。 For the purposes of rats after partial hepatectomy, I Danshen injection and found that DNA synthesis in liver cells have significant role in promoting cell proliferation and accelerates regeneration, simultaneously measured by SPECT effective rat remnant liver blood flow changes, Salvia injection body found solution can significantly improve the effective residual liver blood flow, making it within 7 days after return to normal.  (3)抗肝纤维化作用。 (3) liver fibrosis. 丹参能使体外培养的成纤维细胞发生显著的形态学改变，并能抑制细胞的核分裂和增殖，对免疫性肝细胞损伤的肝纤维化有保护作用。 Salvia can make cultured fibroblasts significant morphological changes occur, and can inhibit cell proliferation and nuclear fission, on immunological liver injury has a protective effect of liver fibrosis. 采用四氯化碳及二甲基亚硝胺诱导的大鼠肝纤维化模型，以秋水仙碱作对照，观察肝组织病理学，检测肝组织HgP、丙二醛(MDA)、SOD及血清肝功能，结果丹参在两种模型中均显示有良好的抗纤维化作用，且能显著提高SOD活性，降低MDA含量，对胶原代谢也有直接作用。 Rat liver fibrosis model induced by carbon tetrachloride and dimethyl nitrosamine to colchicine as control, hepatic tissue pathology, hepatic tissue HgP, malondialdehyde (MDA), SOD and serum liver function, Salvia results showed a good anti-fibrosis in both models, and can significantly increase SOD activity, decrease MDA content, collagen metabolism also has a direct effect.   (4)清除肝细胞氧自由基作用。 (4) ROS of hepatocytes. 建立大鼠肝脏保存再灌注模型，分别检测肝脏保存0小时、8小时、16小时、24小时、32小时后，在不同灌注时间点观察SOD、MDA和灌注液AST的变化，并观察肝细胞形态学的改变，结果与正常组(保存0小时组)比较，保存16小时、24小时、32小时组不同再灌注点SOD显著降低、而MDA和AST均明显升高，肝细胞形态也发生异常改变。 Save establish reperfusion model rat liver were used to detect liver stores 0 hours, 8 hours, 16 hours, 24 hours, 32 hours after reperfusion at different points in time to observe changes in SOD, MDA and perfusion solutions AST and observe hepatocyte morphology Science changes, the results with the normal group (save 0 hours group) compared to save 16 hours, 24 hours, 32 hours set of different reperfusion significantly reduced point SOD, and MDA and AST were significantly increased, hepatocyte morphology are abnormal changes . 应用丹参组，SOD明显升高，MDA和AST明显下降，与对照组比较均有明显差异。 Applications SM group, SOD increased significantly, MDA and AST were significantly decreased compared with control group were significantly different.  (5)防治肝癌转移复发。 (5) prevention and treatment of liver cancer metastasis and recurrence. 实验证明，丹参处理的SMMC-7721肝癌细胞粘附分子表达明显低于对照组，丹参可控制7721细胞的侵袭能力，促进已粘附的细胞脱落，还可控制淋巴细胞、内皮细胞的粘附，并对早期和晚期裸鼠肝癌切除术后的肝内和远处转移复发有防治作用。 Experiments show that Salvia SMMC-7721 hepatoma cell adhesion molecule treatment was significantly lower than the control group, Salvia can control the invasion of 7721, has been promoting the adhesion of cells to fall off, but also to control lymphocyte adhesion to endothelial cells, and early and late in nude mice after resection of intrahepatic recurrence and distant metastasis preventive effect.   (6)改善肝硬化门静脉高压。 (6) to improve portal hypertension. 通过对肝硬化门静高压患者的血液动力学研究发现，丹参能改善乏力、纳差、腹胀和肝功能，有效降低胆红素。 Kinetics of blood through the liver cirrhosis portal hypertension still found that Salvia can improve fatigue, anorexia, abdominal distension and liver function, reduce bilirubin.  (7)提高供体肝脏保存。 (7) to improve donor liver preservation. 采用大鼠肝脏离体非循环灌注模型，在乳酸林格氏液中加入不同剂量丹参后保存大鼠肝脏12小时，丹参组(600mg/g)肝组织ATP含量及分泌胆汁量明显高于对照组，2，3-二羟苯甲酸、2.5-二羟苯甲酸及流出液天门冬氨酸转氨酶明显低于对照组(P＜0.05)。 Non-vitro rat liver perfusion model was added to the Ringer's lactate solution stored in rat liver 12 hours after different doses of Salvia, Salvia group (600mg / g) and liver ATP content was significantly higher than the amount of bile secretion , 2,3-dihydroxy benzoic acid, 2,5-paraben and effluent aspartate aminotransferase was significantly lower than the control group (P <0.05).  三七为五加科人参属植物三七的块根，味甘、微苦，有化瘀止血，活血定痛的功效。 Araliaceae Panax notoginseng genus Panax ginseng root, sweet, bitter, there is stasis to stop bleeding, blood circulation and pain effect.  (1)对血液和造血系统的作用1、三七具有良好的止血功效，能明显缩短出血和凝血时间。 (1) the role of the blood and hematopoietic system-on-1, Panax has a good hemostatic effect, can significantly shorten the bleeding and clotting time.  研究表明，三七的止血成分主要为三七素(Dencichine)，三七素能促使血小板聚集、变形，释放ADP、血小板因子III和钙离子等物质而达到止血作用。 Studies have shown that Panax bleeding composed mainly dencichine (Dencichine), dencichine can induce platelet aggregation, deformation, release ADP, platelet factor III and calcium ions and other substances to achieve hemostasis.   2、三七能促进各类血细胞分裂生长、增加数目，促进骨髓细胞增殖和释放过程，增加骨髓红细胞的数量和活性，达到促进造血的功能。 2, Panax can promote the growth of various types of blood cell division, to increase the number of bone marrow cell proliferation and release process, increase the number and activity of bone marrow red blood cells, to promote hematopoietic function. 实验发现，三七能明显提高失血性贫血病理模型(大鼠和家兔)的血红细胞数量，对失血性贫血具有较好的治疗作用；三七总皂苷除提高白鼠外周血中白细胞总数外，还能显著提高巨噬细胞吞噬率，提高血液中淋巴细胞的百分比。 It was found that, Panax blood loss anemia can significantly improve pathological model (rats and rabbits) the number of red blood cells, hemorrhagic anemia have a better therapeutic effect; in addition of PNS increase the total number of mice peripheral blood leukocytes outside, can significantly improve macrophage phagocytic rate, increase the percentage of lymphocytes in the blood.  3、三七具有活血化瘀、去瘀生新的明显疗效。 3, Panax with blood circulation, blood and new students a significant effect.  从三七中提取的三七总甙，对心律失常有对抗作用，同时能提高心室电致颤阈，其有二种作用机制，一是提高心肌不应期的均一性，消除折返；二可能是延长折返激动波波长而终止折返，还能抑制窦房结自律性及窦房传导。 Extracted from Panax notoginseng PNS, antagonism of arrhythmia, while improving ventricular fibrillation threshold electrochromic which there are two mechanisms of action, one is to improve myocardial refractory period uniformity and eliminate reentry; two possible It is to extend the termination of long-wave reentry reentry, but also inhibit the sinus node automaticity and sinoatrial.   (2)对心血管系统的作用中医以三七作为活血化瘀药物治疗冠心病、心绞痛取得显著疗效。 (2) the role of traditional Chinese medicine for the cardiovascular system, blood circulation notoginseng as drug treatment of coronary heart disease, angina achieved a significant effect. 血液粘度过高是冠心病、心绞痛、脑出血等血液系统疾病的主要根源，三七具有抑制血小板聚集、促进纤维蛋白溶酶的活性，降低血液粘度，促进血栓溶解，改善血液流动的作用。 Blood viscosity is too high coronary heart disease, the main causes of angina, cerebral hemorrhage and other blood diseases, Panax inhibit platelet aggregation and promote plasmin activity, reduce blood viscosity and promoting thrombolysis, improve blood flow effect.  实验表明，三七总苷有活血作用，可以扩张心脏血管，增加冠脉流量，抑制血栓形成，抗血小板聚集，并可以溶解已形成的血栓，增加营养性心肌血流量；同时，三七也能够降低动脉压，略减心率，使心脏工作量减低，从而明显减少心肌的耗氧量，可用于治疗心肌缺血、心绞痛及休克。 Experiments show that Panax Notoginside have blood effect, can expand the heart blood vessels, increase coronary blood flow, inhibition of thrombosis, platelet aggregation, and can dissolve clots already formed, increasing the nutritional myocardial blood flow; at the same time, Panax also reduce arterial pressure, slightly reduced heart rate, reduce the workload of the heart, thereby significantly reducing myocardial oxygen consumption, for the treatment of myocardial ischemia, angina pectoris and shock.   (3)对神经系统的作用研究表明，三七中既含有原人参二醇型皂苷，也含有原人参三醇型皂苷，其中，原人参二醇型皂苷具有中枢神经抑制作用，原人参三醇型皂苷具有中枢神经兴奋作用。 (3) Effect of the nervous system showed that Panax ginseng contains both the original glycol type saponins, also contains the original Panaxatriol type saponins, which -protopanoxadiol type saponin inhibition of the central nervous system, the original panaxatriol type saponin central nervous stimulant. 临床应用证明，三七地上部份(三七花、叶、茎)对中枢神经有抑制作用，表现为镇静、安定与改善睡眠等功用，三七叶总皂苷镇痛以及镇静作用非常明显；三七地下部分(三七根)能兴奋中枢神经，提高脑力和体力，表现出抗疲劳性。 Clinical application of proven, Panax ground part (notoginseng flower, leaves, stems) on the central nervous inhibit the performance of calm, stability and improve sleep and other functions, total saponins of Panax analgesic and sedative effect is obvious; Third seven underground part (thirty-seven) can be excited central nervous system, improve mental and physical, showed fatigue resistance.  (4)抗炎症作用药理实验表明，三七对急性炎症引起的毛细血管通透性增加、炎性渗出、组织水肿、白细胞游走以及后期肉芽组织增生均有明显的抑制作用，抗炎作用机理为既有直接炕炎作用，也有通过兴奋垂体-肾上腺皮质系统间发挥抗炎作用。 (4) anti-inflammatory effect of pharmacological experiments show that increased capillary permeability thirty-seven pairs acute inflammation caused by inflammatory exudation, edema, leukocyte migration and post-granulation tissue were significantly inhibited, anti-inflammatory effects mechanism of both direct kang inflammatory effect, but also excited by the pituitary - adrenocortical anti-inflammatory effect between systems.   (5)对免疫系统的作用三七多糖是促进免疫的有效成分，三七的两种多糖均能促经巨噬细胞的功能，三七总苷也能提高血液中白细胞总数及淋巴细胞百分比，促进造血干细胞的增生，还能在一定程度上提高体液免疫抗体的生成。 (5) the role of the immune system is to promote Panax polysaccharide immune active ingredient, Panax two polysaccharides can function by stimulating macrophages, Panax glycosides can also increase the total blood leukocytes and lymphocytes percentage promote hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, but also improve the humoral antibody production to a certain extent.  菊花是菊科植物菊花的干燥头状花序，是常用中药，具有疏风、清热、明目、解毒之功效，主要治疗头痛、眩晕、目赤、心胸烦热、疔疮、肿毒等症。 Chrysanthemum dry capitulum chrysanthemum feverfew, is a commonly used Chinese medicine, with Shufeng, heat, eyesight, detoxification, the main treatment of headache, dizziness, red eyes, mind vexed hot, boils, swollen poison embolism. 现代药理研究表明，菊花具有治疗冠心病、降低血压、预防高血脂、抗菌、抗病毒、抗炎、抗衰老等多种药理活性：1、心血管方面药理作用。 Modern pharmacological studies have shown that treatment with a chrysanthemum coronary heart disease, lower blood pressure, prevent a variety of pharmacological activities of high cholesterol, anti-bacterial, anti-viral, anti-inflammatory, anti-aging: 1, cardiovascular pharmacological effects. 菊花的酚性部位可以增加心脏冠脉流量，提高机体对减压缺氧的耐受能力，菊花的总提取物对离体心脏、心肌细胞均显示具有正性肌力作用。 Phenol moiety chrysanthemum can increase heart coronary blood flow, improve the body's tolerance to hypoxia reduced pressure, total extract of chrysanthemum on the isolated heart, cardiomyocytes showed a positive inotropic effect.   2、抗病毒作用。 2 and antiviral activity. 研究发现，菊花对单纯疱疹病毒，脊髓灰质炎病毒和麻疹病毒具有不同程度的抑制作用。 The study found that chrysanthemum herpes simplex virus, poliovirus and measles viruses have different degrees of inhibition. 此外，菊花还具有抗艾滋病的作用，能抑制Zv逆转录酶和HLV复制的活性，其中从菊花分离得到的金合欢素-7-O-β-D-半乳糖是其活性成分，且毒性很小。 In addition, the chrysanthemum also has anti-HIV effect, can inhibit reverse transcriptase and HLV Zv replication activity, which was isolated from the chrysanthemum acacia prime -7-O-β-D- galactose is the active ingredient, and very toxic small.  3、抗衰老作用。 3, anti-aging effects. 菊花能增强谷胱甘肽过氧化降低，明显延长家蚕寿命，还可以提高心脑耐缺氧作用，延长生存时间以及清除自由基的能力，对生物膜的超氧阴离子自由基损伤具有明显保护作用，主要是通过直接进入细胞膜的甘油酯后而起保护作用。 Chrysanthemum enhances glutathione peroxide decreased significantly prolong the life of the silkworm, but also can improve heart cerebral hypoxia effect and prolong survival time, and scavenging of free radicals, superoxide anion radical damage biofilm has protective effects mainly through the cell membrane directly into the sky glycerides protection.  4、抗肿瘤作用。 4, anti-tumor effect. 从菊花中分离得到的蒲公英赛烷型三萜烯醇类对皮肤肿瘤有较显著的抑制作用，另外对常见肿瘤如肺癌、结肠癌、肾癌、卵巢癌、脑癌、白血病等60种人类肿瘤细胞具有极其显著的细胞毒活性。 Daisy isolated dandelion triterpenoids game alkyl alcohol type of skin cancer have a more significant inhibition, in addition to common cancers such as lung cancer, colon cancer, kidney cancer, ovarian cancer, brain cancer, leukemia and other 60 kinds of human cancer cells have extremely significant cytotoxic activity.   马齿苋为双子叶植物药马齿苋科植物马齿苋的全草，有清热利湿，凉血解毒，止消渴的功效，药理作用有：1、促溃疡愈合作用：本品含有丰富的维生素A样物质，故能促进上皮细胞的生理功能趋于正常。 Purslane dicotyledonous plants herbal purslane Purslane whole plant, there is heat and dampness, cooling blood detoxification, only the effect of diabetes, pharmacological effects: 1, promote ulcer healing: This product is rich a vitamin-like substance, it can promote the physiological function of epithelial cells become normal.  2、抑菌及抗真菌作用：对大肠杆菌、痢疾杆菌、伤寒杆菌均有显著抑制作用；对常见致病性皮肤真菌有不同程度的抑制作用。 2, antibacterial and antifungal effect: Escherichia coli, Shigella, Salmonella typhi significantly inhibited; on common pathogenic skin fungi have different degrees of inhibition.  3、对子宫和血管平滑肌的作用：对血管亦有收缩作用，此种收缩作用兼有中枢及末梢性。 3, the role of the uterus and vascular smooth muscle: contraction of blood vessels also that such contraction of both central and peripheral resistance.  4、有降压、利尿及加强肠蠕动作用。 4, blood pressure, diuretic and strengthen the role of peristalsis.   本发明的食品与现有技术相比，它不用吃药、打针，也不用住院治疗，食用方便，制作成本低，比西医常用的药物疗法使患者满意率提高了30％，治愈率达到20％，有效率在90％以上，未发现有任何毒副作用，尤其是对治疗肥胖诸证效果显著。 Food compared to the present invention and the prior art, it does not need medication, injections, and without hospitalization, convenience food, lower production costs than Western medicine commonly used drug therapy to improve patient satisfaction rate of 30%, the cure rate to 20% , efficiency more than 90%, did not find any side effects, especially for the treatment of obesity all evidence significant effect. 除此之外，本发明还可作为常用的保健休闲食品，具有消食化积、利水渗湿、降脂减肥的功效，适合四季食用，无副作用，有较好的经济和社会效益。 In addition, the present invention can also be used as a common health snack food, with digestion of the plot, diuresis Shenshi, lipid-lowering effect of weight loss, eating for four seasons, no side effects, there are good economic and social benefits.  具体实施方案实际制药中，可将面粉90-95kg，淀粉10-15kg，砂糖(以糖浆形式使用)25-30kg，食用油10-15kg，食盐7-10kg，鸡蛋4-6kg，丹参3-4kg，山楂5-6kg，首乌3-5kg，三七7-9kg，菊花5-7kg，川芎3-7kg，枸杞子6-8kg，马齿苋4-7kg，先将中药清洗，煎煮两次，经过滤浓缩后，加上蛋黄、糖浆液和面，然后模具压制，在200～280℃高温条件下成品所得的饼干。 Specific embodiments of the actual drug, the flour can be 90-95kg, starch 10-15kg, sugar (in syrup form) 25-30kg, edible oil 10-15kg, salt 7-10kg, eggs 4-6kg, Salvia 3-4kg hawthorn 5-6kg, Radix 3-5kg, thirty-seven 7-9kg, chrysanthemum 5-7kg, Chuanxiong 3-7kg, medlar 6-8kg, purslane 4-7kg, the first medicine washing, boiling twice , filtered and concentrated, add egg yolks, syrup and liquid surface, then pressing mold, the resulting finished biscuit at 200 ~ 280 ℃ high temperature conditions.   下面结合实施例对本发明的内容作进一步说明：实施例一配伍为：面粉90-95kg，淀粉10-15kg，砂糖(以糖浆形式使用)25-30kg，食用油10-15kg，食盐7-10kg，鸡蛋4-6kg，丹参3-4kg，山楂5-6kg，首乌3-5kg，三七7-9kg，菊花5-7kg，川芎3-7kg，枸杞子6-8kg，马齿苋4-7kg。 Below in conjunction with embodiments of the present invention is further illustrated: Example of a compatibility: flour 90-95kg, starch 10-15kg, sugar (in syrup form) 25-30kg, edible oil 10-15kg, salt 7-10kg, eggs 4-6kg, Salvia 3-4kg, hawthorn 5-6kg, Radix 3-5kg, thirty-seven 7-9kg, chrysanthemum 5-7kg, Chuanxiong 3-7kg, medlar 6-8kg, purslane 4-7kg.  制备方法：a、调粉：将中药清洗干净，煎煮两次，经过滤浓缩，加水18-20％、糖浆、蛋黄液和面，用双浆立式调粉机，约调20-25分钟；b、静置：静置10-15分钟；c、压面：约10-11次；d、成型：用辊切或冲印；e、烘烤：低温度长时间烘烤，若温度在225-250摄氏度可烘烤4-6分钟； Preparation: a, tune powder: clean the medicine, decoction twice, filtered and concentrated to 18-20% water, syrup, egg yolk and face, with a double vertical transfer pulp powder, tune about 20-25 minutes ; b, standing: stand for 10-15 minutes; c, pressing: about 10-11 times; d, forming: cut or roll printing; e, baking: baking low temperature for a long time, if the temperature at 225 -250 degrees Celsius can bake 4-6 minutes;   f、冷却：冷却完全，接近室温，低于45摄氏度时包装；实施例二配伍为：面粉95kg，淀粉15kg，砂糖(以糖浆形式使用)30kg，食用油15kg，食盐10kg，鸡蛋6kg，丹参4kg，山楂6kg，首乌5kg，三七9kg，菊花7kg，川芎7kg，枸杞子8kg，马齿苋7kg，其制备方法同实施例一。 f, cooling: cooled completely, close to room temperature, below 45 degrees Celsius packaging; Second Embodiment of compatibility: flour 95kg, starch 15kg, sugar (in syrup form) 30kg, edible 15kg, salt 10kg, eggs 6kg, Salvia 4kg hawthorn 6kg, Radix 5kg, thirty-seven 9kg, chrysanthemum 7kg, Chuanxiong 7kg, medlar 8kg, purslane 7kg, which was prepared as in Example I.  实施例三配伍为：面粉90kg，淀粉10kg，砂糖(以糖浆形式使用)25kg，食用油10kg，食盐7kg，鸡蛋4kg，丹参3kg，山楂5kg，首乌3kg，三七7kg，菊花5kg，川芎3kg，枸杞子6kg，马齿苋4kg，其制备方法同实施例一。 Third Embodiment compatibility are: flour 90kg, starch 10kg, sugar (in syrup form) 25kg, edible 10kg, salt 7kg, eggs 4kg, Salvia 3kg, hawthorn 5kg, Radix 3kg, thirty-seven 7kg, chrysanthemum 5kg, 3kg Chuanxiong , medlar 6kg, purslane 4kg, which was prepared as in Example I.   综上所述，本发明的饼干味甘，微甜，其食用量可分为治疗和保健两种，对于患者来说每日有饥饿感时即可食用，每次用量根据个人情况而定，作为常人保健食品食用时间不限，本发明无任何副作用，用药安全性能高，可每日食用，配伍中的各药物及其制备方法是根据“中华人民共和国药典”选用。 In summary, the present invention sweet biscuits, sweet, its consumption can be divided into two kinds of treatment and care, it can be eaten when there is hunger for the patient daily, the amount of time based on individual circumstances, as ordinary health food edible Anytime the present invention without any side effects, drug safety high performance, daily consumption of each drug compatibility and its preparation method is based on the "People's Republic of China Pharmacopoeia" selection.  本发明治疗的理论根据是以消食化积、利水渗湿、降脂减肥的丹参、山楂、首乌、三七、菊花、川芎、枸杞子、马齿苋等为原料，通过直接食用的方式给药，药效吸收好，经临床试验表明，本发明有良好的减肥作用，有效率在90％以上，为临床治疗肥胖诸证提供了有力的依据。 According to the present invention, the theoretical treatment is digestion of the plot, diuresis Shenshi, lipid-lowering diet of Salvia, Hawthorn, Radix, Panax, chrysanthemum, Chuanxiong, medlar, purslane and other raw materials, through direct way to eat drug efficacy absorption, clinical trials show that the present invention has a good weight loss, there are more than 90% efficiency for the clinical treatment of obesity all evidence to provide a strong basis.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN101073332A/en"}
{"Title":"Composite fodder addiive of Chinese herbal medicine for goose fattening and its preparing process","Abstract":"Abstract  The present invention discloses a feed additive and its preparation process, in particular, it relates to a Chinese medicine compound feed additive for fattening goose. Said feed additive has high safety coefficient, strong resistance to disease, and can raise gowth speed of goose. Said feed additive is made up by using 18 Chinese medicinal materials of crataegus root, barley sprout, bitter orange, medicated leaven, cinnamon bark, tangerine peel, licorice and others.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  一种鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂及其制备工艺 One kind of goose fattening compound feed additives and herbal preparation  所属技术领域本发明涉及一种饲料添加剂及其制备工艺，特别是涉及一种鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂及其制备工艺。 TECHNICAL FIELD The present invention relates to a feed additive and its preparation process, more particularly to a goose fattening compound feed additives and herbal preparation process.  背景技术 Background technique   随着鹅产业化生产步伐的加快，鹅的全价配合饲料开发与利用严重滞后，尤其是具有饲用安全、抗病性强和生长速度快等作用的全价配合饲料和预混料添加剂更是少见，目前已有200多种可以作为饲料添加剂的原料，中草药饲料添加剂已经取得了一定的发展，但系统研究还处于起步阶段，目前还未见有专业为鹅育肥配制的中草药饲料添加剂。 With goose accelerate the pace of industrial production, the full price of feed development and utilization of goose seriously lagging behind, especially those with fodder safety, the full price of disease resistance and fast growing role of feed additives and premixes more is rare, there are 200 kinds of materials can be used as feed additives, herbal feed additives has made some progress, but the system is still in its infancy research, there has not been a professional for the goose fattening formulated herbal feed additives. 中草药饲料添加剂作为纯天然的绿色产品，符合时代潮流，日益受到人们的重视。 Chinese herbal additives as a pure natural green products, in line with the trend, increasing attention has been paid. 中草药饲料添加剂是一类不同于化学合成的独特添加剂，由于受药材不同炮制方法的限制，其本身有效成分含量差异较大，单味使用与复方制剂各成分之间亦发生变化，结合中草药的特点和科学的配伍方式，促进中草药饲料添加剂的应用，所以本发明鹅育肥饲料一中草药饲料添加剂有着深远的现实意义和广阔的市场前景。 Chinese herbal additives are different from the chemical synthesis of a class of special additives, due to the different processing methods of herbs by itself quite different active ingredient content, but also to change between single flavor with each component compound, combined with the characteristics of Chinese herbal medicine and scientific compatibility mode, promote the application of herbal feed additives, so the goose fattening feed of the present invention is a herbal feed additive has a profound practical significance and broad market prospects.   发明内容 SUMMARY  本发明所要解决的技术问题是提供一种鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，它的安全系数高，具有抗病性强和提高鹅生长速度的作用。 Technical problem to be solved by the present invention is to provide an herbal compound feed additive fattening geese, its high safety factor, having a strong resistance and increase the growth rate of the role of geese.  本发明所要解决的另一个技术问题是提供一种简单的鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂的制备工艺。 Another technical problem to be solved by the present invention is to provide a simple process for preparing herbal goose fattening compound feed additives.  本发明添加剂中所用各原料药的重量比值范围是经过发明人进行大量的摸索和试验研究总结得出的，各原料的重量比在下述重量范围内都具有较好的疗效。 Additives used in the present invention, the weight ratio of each drug in the range of a lot of people after the invention of exploration and summary results of experimental studies, the weight ratio of the raw materials within the following weight range have a good effect.  一种鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，它主要是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝50-65∶35-50∶30-45∶30-50∶40-50∶30-50∶40-50∶55-75∶70-80∶55-75∶40-50∶75-95∶50-60∶30-40∶40-55∶45-60∶35-50∶100-130。 One kind of goose fattening herbal compound feed additive, it is mainly composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 50-65:35-50:30-45:30-50:40-50:30-50:40-50:55-75 :70-80:55-75:40-50:75-95:50-60:30-40:40-55:45-60:35-50:100-130.   所述的鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，它主要是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝55∶45∶35∶40∶45∶40∶45∶65∶75∶65∶45∶85∶55∶35∶50∶55∶45∶120。 The goose fattening herbal compound feed additive, it is mainly composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix : Semen: wolfberry: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 55:45:35:40:45:40:45:65:75:65:45:85:55:35:50: 55:45:120.  为了达到更好的育肥效果，在上述中草药中还加入有维生素A、维生素D3、胆碱、尼克酸、泛酸钙、核磺素、左旋肉碱、耐得酵素、丙酸钙、乙氧喹、稻壳粉。 In order to achieve better fattening effect, in the above herbs have also added vitamin A, vitamin D3, choline, niacin, calcium pantothenate, nuclear sulfonic hormone, L-carnitine, endure enzymes, calcium propionate, ethoxyquin, rice husk powder.   所述的鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，它是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝50-65∶35-50∶30-45∶30-50∶40-50∶30-50∶40-50∶55-75∶70-80∶55-75∶40-50∶75-95∶50-60∶30-40∶40-55∶45-60∶35-50∶100-130∶0.45-0.81∶0.0005-0.00073∶83-130∶3.1-6.52∶1.12-1.416∶0.287-0.413∶4.14-6.11∶40-60∶35-55∶45-62∶550-880。 The goose fattening herbal compound feed additive, which is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 50-65:35-50:30-45:30-50:40-50:30-50:40-50:55-75:70-80:55-75:40- 50:75-95:50-60:30-40:40-55:45-60:35-50:100-130:0.45-0.81:0.0005-0.00073:83-130:3.1-6.52:1.12-1.416: 0.287-0.413:4.14-6.11:40-60:35-55:45-62:550-880.   所述的鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，它是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝55∶45∶35∶40∶45∶40∶45∶65∶75∶65∶45∶85∶55∶35∶50∶55∶45∶120∶0.585∶0.00065∶100∶4.55∶1.3∶0.325∶5∶50∶50∶50∶700-800。 The goose fattening herbal compound feed additive, which is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 55:45:35:40:45:40:45:65:75:65:45:85:55:35:50:55:45:120:0.585:0.00065:100: 4.55:1.3:0.325:5:50:50:50:700-800.   一种所述鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂的制备工艺，它包括下述工艺步骤：按所述的重量份数选好的中草药进行清洗干净后晒干；将晒干后的中草药进行混合；将混合好的原料进行研磨与粉碎，然后搅拌，混合均匀；将混合均匀的中草药原料制成粉剂即得。 One such herbal preparation goose fattening compound feed additive, which comprises the following process steps: parts by weight of the selected herbal post clean dried; the dried herbs after mixing; mixing good raw material crushing and grinding, followed by stirring, mixing; the mix of herbal raw material powder that was. 本发明是以中草药为主，同时还可以辅以左旋肉碱和耐得酵素等成分的一种饲料添加剂。 The present invention is based on Chinese herbal medicine mainly, but also can be supplemented with L-carnitine and endure enzymes and other components of a feed additive. 中草药经过研磨、搅拌、提取等精制得到粉状添加剂；左旋肉碱具有参与动物脂肪代谢，提高动物免疫力，改善鹅生长性能，提高饲料转化效率和降低死亡率的作用；耐得酵素能显著提高鹅对饲料的利用率，有效地分解饲料中粗纤维等非淀粉多糖，降低料肉比，减少配合饲料矿物质添加量，提高雏鹅的成活率的作用。 Herbs after grinding, mixing, extraction, purification obtained powdery additive; L-carnitine have the animal involved in fat metabolism, improve animal immunity, improve goose growth performance, feed conversion efficiency and reduce the role of mortality; endure enzymes can significantly improve geese utilization of the feed, effectively break down non-starch polysaccharide dietary crude fiber, lower feed conversion, reduce the amount of mineral feed, improve the survival rate of goslings role.   中草药是天然物质，以其安全、无副作用、不产生抗药性和残留等优点而著称，另外一些中草药本身所含的蛋白质、氨基酸、糖类、甙类、生物碱、维生素和矿物元素，兼有药效和营养双重功能，是饲料添加剂的一个独特系列，利于畜禽消化吸收和抑制各种消化道疾病的发生，有抗生素无法比拟的优越性。 Chinese herbal medicine is a natural substance, its safe, no side effects, no drug resistance and residues, etc. is known, other proteins, amino acids, sugars, glycosides, alkaloids, vitamins and minerals contained in the herbs themselves, both efficacy and nutrition dual function, is a unique series of feed additives, which will help livestock digestion and absorption and suppress the occurrence of a variety of gastrointestinal diseases, antibiotics incomparable superiority.  1.增进食欲、提高营养物质的利用率和促进鹅生长作用：中草药饲料添加剂的主要功能是增强鹅体消化吸收和合成代谢、促进鹅生长发育。 1. increase appetite, improve the utilization of nutrients and promote the growth of the goose: The main function is to enhance the herbal feed additive goose body digestion and absorption and anabolic promoting goose growth. 山楂、麦芽、枳壳有促进消化吸收，白术、刺五加、枸杞子、补骨脂有促进合成代谢的作用。 Hawthorn, malt, promote digestion and absorption of Citrus aurantium, Atractylodes, Acanthopanax, medlar, psoralen have anabolic effects. 酸枣仁、枳壳、贯众有促进鹅的生长、提高饲料报酬，甘草、白术、茴香有明显改善鹅的适口性，增进食欲，提高鹅的生长速度。 Semen, Citrus aurantium, Guanzhong goose promote growth and improve feed conversion, licorice, Atractylodes, fennel significant improvement goose palatability, increase appetite, improve the growth rate geese.   2.抗菌、抗病毒作用：本中草药饲料添加剂以其独特的抗微生物和寄生虫的作用机理，不产生抗药性。 2. Bacteria and Viruses: This herbal feed additives, with its unique mechanism of action of antimicrobial and parasites, no resistance. 通过调节机体的非特异性免疫功能，以调动机体一切有利因素，调节机体反应性、提高免疫功能和防御机能，起到抑制和消除动物体内有害因子，达到畜禽体抗感染、消灭侵入的微生物，从而增强机体抗病能力、促进生长。 By regulating the body's non-specific immune function, in order to mobilize the body all the favorable factors that regulate the body's response, improve immune function and defense mechanisms, restrain and eliminate harmful factors in animals, to poultry body resistance to infection, eradication of invading microorganisms, thereby enhancing the body's resistance to disease and promote growth. 而绝大多数化学药品和抗生素对病毒基本上是无能为力的，本中草药饲料添加剂却具有抗病毒作用。 The vast majority of chemicals and antibiotics on viruses is largely irrelevant, but this herbal feed additives have antiviral activity. 在这一方面本添加剂比化学药品和抗生素更具优势，可长期添加使用。 In this aspect of the chemical additives and antibiotics than an advantage, you can add long-term use.   本中草药饲料添加剂所使用的中草药原料中所含的多糖、有机酸、生物碱、甙类、挥发油均能不同程度地增强免疫作用。 The polysaccharide herbal raw material used by Chinese herbal feed additives contained in the organic acids, alkaloids, glycosides, essential oil can enhance the immune function to varying degrees. 多糖类具有促进胸腺液反应，刺激网状内皮系统，提高机体免疫反应能力，有机酸类能增强巨噬细胞的吞噬功能，甙类能加强网状内皮系统吞噬功能，并能促进抗体生成，促进抗体反应和淋巴细胞转化等功能。 Polysaccharides with the promotion of the reaction liquid thymus, stimulate the reticuloendothelial system, improve the immune response capacity, organic acids can enhance macrophage phagocytosis, glycosides can enhance the reticuloendothelial system phagocytosis, and promote antibody production, promote antibody response and lymphocyte transformation functions. 中草药饲料添加剂对机体免疫机能的调节是其防疫保健功能的一个重要作用机理，中草药对免疫器官的发育、白细胞及单核巨噬细胞系统、细胞免疫、体液免疫、细胞因子的产生等方面均有促进作用，并由此提高机体的非特异性免疫力。 Chinese herbal additives on immune function of regulating its preventive care is an important function of the mechanism of action of Chinese herbal medicine aspects of the immune organ development, leukocytes and mononuclear phagocyte system, cellular immunity, humoral immunity, cytokine production, etc. are promote, and thereby improve the body's non-specific immunity.   中草药抗病毒的主要途径有两种：(1)直接抑制病毒：主要通过阻断病毒繁殖过程的吸附、穿入、复制、成熟中的某一环节，从而达到抗病毒感染的目的。 The main anti-viral herbs, there are two ways: (1) direct inhibition of virus: mainly by blocking the virus propagation process of adsorption, penetration, replication, mature in certain areas, so as to achieve the purpose of anti-viral infection. 如板兰根可抑制呼吸道病毒；黄柏对肠道病毒和肝炎病毒等均有显著抑制作用。 Can inhibit the respiratory virus such as Ban Langen; Treats intestinal virus and hepatitis virus were significantly inhibited. (2)间接抑制病毒：通过中草药诱发机体产生干扰素或增强机体的非特异免疫功能达到抑制病毒的目的。 (2) indirect inhibition of virus: through herbs induce the body to produce interferon or enhance non-specific immune function to achieve the purpose of inhibiting the virus.  3.经济实用、无毒副作用：中草药是纯天然物质，对畜禽健康有益无害的天然植物或产品。 3. Economic and practical, non-toxic side effects: Chinese herbal medicine is a natural substance, harmless to livestock healthy plants or natural products. 所以中草药饲料添加剂加之科学配伍和传统炮制加工，无残留，不会致畸、致癌、致突变，利于畜禽消化吸收和抑制各种消化道疾病的发生。 So Chinese herbal additives in addition to the compatibility of science and traditional processing process, no residue, will not teratogenic, carcinogenic, mutagenic, which will help livestock digestion and absorption and suppress the occurrence of a variety of gastrointestinal diseases.   4.缩短饲养周期，提高养鹅收益：根据我们试验证明，采用本饲料添加剂，可显著提高增重，降低饲料成本，饲料的转化率明显提高。 4. shorten the breeding cycle, improve goose earnings: According to our tests show that the use of this feed additive, can significantly improve weight gain, lower feed costs, feed conversion rate has improved significantly. 52天试验期试验组比对照组日增重提高3.34克，可提前5天出栏，从而降低饲养成本，每只可增收1.58元，年养殖周转次数增加。 52 days daily gain test period the test group than the control group, 3.34 g, 5 days in advance slaughter, thereby reducing the cost of feeding, each can increase 1.58 yuan, an increase in the number of breeding turnover. 同时本添加剂色素含量极为丰富，改善鹅产品色泽、品质。 At the same time additive pigment content is extremely rich, goose improve product color and quality.   下面结合试验进一步说明本发明的有益效果：中草药复合添加剂育肥鹅效果试验：本发明专利申请人于2003年开始研制鹅育肥中草药复合饲料添加剂，并在辽宁省不同地区进行了多次育肥期的试验，以比较该添加剂的增重情况及抗病效果。 Test further described below in conjunction with the beneficial effects of the present invention: Chinese herbal compound additive fattening geese effect test: patent applicant of the present invention, in 2003, he began developing herbal compound feed additive fattening geese, and in different regions of Liaoning Province conducted several tests of fattening period to weight gain and disease effect is the additive. 本试验主要进行应用本添加剂配制的日粮对后期增重的影响。 This test mainly affect the application of this additive formulated diets on weight gain late. 现将试验结果报告如下：1.材料和方法1.1试验时间和地点2003年7月21日至8月31日为预试期，2003年8月1日至8月30日为试验期，试验期30天。 The test results will now be reported as follows: 1 Materials and Methods 1.1 Test time and place 2003 Nian July 21 to August 31 for the pre-trial, 2003 August 1 to August 30 for the trial period, the trial period 30 days. 在本申请人的种鹅场进行。 In the applicant's breeder field.  1.2试验鹅及分组选择健康无病的长白品种商品育肥中鹅140只，力求性别、体重和体质状况基本一致，随机分为试验组和对照组，每组70只。 1.2 Test geese and choose healthy disease-free group of Landrace breed merchandise fattening geese 140, aiming at gender, weight and physical condition are basically the same, were randomly divided into experimental and control groups of 70. 两组均在同等饲养环境下进行饲养管理。 Both groups were conducted under the same feeding and management in the rearing environment.   1.3试验方法及日粮组成试验鹅饲养期实行舍饲，试验组是在日粮配合饲料中加入2％的按照本发明实施例一的各原料的重量份数和制备方法制成的中草药复合添加剂；对照组是在日粮配合饲料中加入2％的阜新利强饲料公司生产的育肥鹅预混料添加剂。 1.3 Test methods and test diets consisting of feeding geese feeding on the implementation of the experimental group is 2% of the cases in accordance with the present invention, each of the composite herbal raw materials and parts by weight of a preparation made from the implementation of the additive in the feed ration ; control group is 2% of the feed company Fuxin Lee-fattening geese premix feed additives in the diet. 青饲料为俄罗斯饲料菜和紫花苜蓿。 Green fodder for the Russian feed vegetables and alfalfa. 试验鹅配合饲料占50％，青饲料占50％。 Test geese feed accounted for 50%, accounting for 50% of green fodder. 各组配合饲料营养水平基本相同，其它饲养管理条件基本一致。 Each group with the same nutritional level, other feeding and management conditions are basically the same. 日粮配合饲料比例和营养水平见表1。 Dietary feed ratio and nutrient levels are shown in Table 1.  表1日粮配合饲料组成表 Table 1 ration of feed composition tables   1.4饲养管理与测定调查力求管理条件一致，每日精料早晚补饲2次，精饲料为湿拌料，喂前浸泡2小时，限量，晚上占60％。 1.4 Determination of feeding and management and investigation seeks consistent management conditions, the daily morning and evening feeding twice concentrate, concentrate feed wet spices, soak 2 hours before feeding, Limited, accounting for 60% of the evening. 青饲料日喂3次，自由采食，不限量。 Green fodder to feed three times a day, ad libitum, not limited. 自由饮水，保持卫生，定期消毒。 Free access to water, hygiene, regular disinfection. 做好称重(包括剩料)、耗料记录等工作。 Weighing well (including the remaining material), feed consumption records and so on.   2.1试验鹅体重变化情况从表2可以看出，试验期内试验组和对照组日增重分别为58.79g和54.77g，试验组比对照组日增重提高4.02克，经统计分析(P＜0.01)，说明两组间差异极显著。 2.1 Test goose weight changes can be seen from Table 2, the experimental group and the control group during the trial period daily gain were 58.79g and 54.77g, daily gain test group than the control group, 4.02 g, by statistical analysis (P < 0.01), indicating significant difference between the two groups.  表2试验鹅体重变化表 Table 2 Test goose weight change table   2.2饲料消耗情况详见表3。 2.2 feed consumption shown in Table 3.  表3试验期饲料消耗情况           (kg/只) Table 3 Test of feed consumption (kg / only)   3.结论3.1试验组鹅皮毛色泽明显好于对照组，羽毛白亮光洁，原因是与中草药类产品可以促进仔鹅对维生素与微量元素类及其他营养的吸收。 3. Conclusion 3.1 test group of geese fur color significantly better than the control group, Yu Mao Bailiang clean, because the herbal products can contribute to vitamin and trace element goslings class and other nutrient absorption.  3.2中草药添加剂能提高饲料的饲用价值，改善胃肠的消化吸收功能，食欲旺盛，粪便稍黑通畅，能显著提高日增重，经济效益显著。 3.2 herbal additives can improve the feeding value of feed, improve digestion and absorption of gastrointestinal function, appetite, blackish stool patency, can significantly improve the daily gain significant economic benefits.   3.3中草药添加剂做肉鹅饲料添加剂，可保证肉鹅健康生长，促进排泄，减少疾病，净化环境。 3.3 herbal additives feed additives do Roue, Roue ensure healthy growth, promote the excretion, reduce disease and cleaning up the environment.  3.4应用肉鹅育肥饲料试验增重效果显著，经济效益高，具有较好有开发利用价值，值得推广。 3.4 Application Roue fattening feed test weight gain results are obvious, high economic efficiency, and has good development and utilization value, worthy of promotion.  具体实施方式 detailed description  实施例一本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝55∶45∶35∶40∶45∶40∶45∶65∶75∶65∶45∶85∶55.∶35∶50∶55∶45∶120。 Example feed additive one embodiment of the invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 55:45:35:40:45:40:45:65:75:65:45:85:55.:35:50:55:45: 120.   它的制备工艺包括下述工艺步骤：称取山楂55g、麦芽45g、枳壳35g、神曲40g、肉桂45g、陈皮40g、甘草45g、白术65g、茴香75g、党参65g、马齿苋45g、板蓝根85g、酸枣仁55g、枸杞子35g、刺五加50g、补骨脂55g、贯众45g、蜂蜜120g进行清洗干净后晒干；将晒干后的所述18种中草药进行混合；将混合好的中草药原料进行研磨与粉碎，然后搅拌，混合均匀即得。 Its preparation process includes the following process steps: Weigh hawthorn 55g, malt 45g, Citrus aurantium 35g, Divine Comedy 40g, cinnamon 45g, tangerine peel 40g, licorice 45g, Atractylodes 65g, cumin 75g, Codonopsis 65g, purslane 45g, Radix 85g Semen 55g, medlar 35g, Acanthopanax 50g, psoralen 55g, Guanzhong 45g, 120g honey be cleaned and dried; the dried after 18 kinds of herbs are mixed; the mixed herbs raw material grinding and grinding, followed by stirring, mixing that was.  实施例二本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝50∶50∶45∶50∶50∶50∶50∶75∶80∶75∶50∶95∶60∶40∶55∶60∶50∶130。 Example two feed additive invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 50:50:45:50:50:50:50:75:80:75:50:95:60:40:55:60:50:130 .  制备工艺同实施例一。 Preparation with an embodiment.   实施例三本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝65∶35∶30∶30∶40∶30∶40∶55∶70∶55∶40∶75∶50∶30∶40∶45∶35∶100。 Example three feed additive invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 65:35:30:30:40:30:40:55:70:55:40:75:50:30:40:45:35:100 .  制备工艺同实施例一。 Preparation with an embodiment.  实施例四本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝65∶35∶45∶50∶40∶50∶50∶55∶70∶55∶50∶95∶50∶30∶40∶60∶50∶130。 Example four feed additive invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 65:35:45:50:40:50:50:55:70:55:50:95:50:30:40:60:50:130 .  制备方法同实施例一。 It was prepared as in Example I.   实施例五本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜＝55∶45∶40∶40∶40∶40∶45∶70∶77∶68∶42∶88∶54∶36∶52∶52∶46∶124。 Example feed additive five invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey = 55:45:40:40:40:40:45:70:77:68:42:88:54:36:52:52:46:124 .  制备方法同实施例一。 It was prepared as in Example I.  实施例六本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝65∶35∶30∶30∶40∶30∶40∶55∶70∶55∶40∶75∶50∶30∶40∶45∶35∶100∶0.45∶0.0005∶83∶3.1∶1.12∶0.287∶4.14∶40∶35∶45∶550。 Example feed additive six embodiment of the invention by the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 65:35:30:30:40:30:40:55:70:55:40:75:50:30:40:45:35:100:0.45:0.0005:83:3.1:1.12: 0.287:4.14:40:35:45:550.   它的制备工艺包括下述工艺步骤： Its preparation process comprises the following process steps:  称取山楂65g、麦芽35g、枳壳30g、神曲30g、肉桂40g、陈皮30g、甘草40g、白术55g、茴香70g、党参55g、马齿苋40g、板蓝根75g、酸枣仁50g、枸杞子30g、刺五加40g、补骨脂45g、贯众35g、蜂蜜100g进行清洗干净后晒干；将晒干后的所述18种中草药进行混合；将混合好的中草药原料进行研磨与粉碎，然后搅拌，混合均匀的药粉备用；称取维生素A 0.45g、维生素D30.0005g、胆碱83g、尼克酸3.1g、泛酸钙1.12g、核磺素0.287g、左旋肉碱4.14g、耐得酵素40g、丙酸钙35g、乙氧喹45g进行混合，然后研磨与粉碎，得细粉，将细粉加入到550g稻壳粉中进行搅拌，混合均匀，在将上述药粉加入进行搅拌即得。 Weigh hawthorn 65g, malt 35g, Citrus aurantium 30g, Divine Comedy 30g, cinnamon 40g, tangerine peel 30g, licorice 40g, Atractylodes 55g, cumin 70g, Codonopsis 55g, purslane 40g, Radix 75g, Semen 50g, medlar 30g, thorn five plus 40g, psoralen 45g, Guanzhong 35g, 100g honey post clean dry; dried after the 18 kinds of herbs are mixed; the mixed herbal raw material is ground and pulverized and then stirring and mixing uniform powder spare; Weigh vitamin a 0.45g, vitamin D30.0005g, choline 83g, niacin 3.1g, calcium pantothenate 1.12g, nuclear sulfonic prime 0.287g, L-carnitine 4.14g, endure enzyme 40g, propionic acid calcium 35g, 45g ethoxyquin were mixed, then ground and milled to obtain a fine powder, the powder was added to 550g rice husk powder stirring, mixing, in the above-described powder was added and stirred to obtain.   实施例七本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝55∶45∶35∶40∶45∶40∶45∶65∶75∶65∶45∶85∶55∶35∶50∶55∶45∶120∶0.585∶0.00065∶100∶4.55∶1.3∶0.325∶5∶50∶50∶50∶700-800。 Example feed additive seven embodiment of the invention by the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 55:45:35:40:45:40:45:65:75:65:45:85:55:35:50:55:45:120:0.585:0.00065:100:4.55:1.3: 0.325:5:50:50:50:700-800.  制备方法同实施例六。 Preparation method described in Example VI.   实施例八本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝50∶50∶45∶50∶50∶50∶50∶75∶80∶75∶50∶95∶60∶40∶55∶60∶50∶130∶0.81∶0.00073∶130∶6.52∶1.416∶0.413∶6.11∶60∶55∶462∶880。 Example feed additive eight embodiment of the invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 50:50:45:50:50:50:50:75:80:75:50:95:60:40:55:60:50:130:0.81:0.00073:130:6.52:1.416: 0.413:6.11:60:55:462:880.  制备方法同实施例六。 Preparation method described in Example VI.   实施例九本发明饲料添加剂是由下述原料按重量份数比构成：山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝54∶39∶50∶34∶35∶44∶35∶44∶60∶73∶60∶43∶80∶54∶34∶44∶50∶38∶110∶0.55∶0.0006∶105∶4.22∶1.22∶0.31∶4.58∶44∶40∶50∶780。 Example feed additive nine invention is composed of the following raw materials in parts by weight ratio of composition: Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: wolfberry sub: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: honey: vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 54:39:50:34:35:44:35:44:60:73:60:43:80:54:34:44:50:38:110:0.55:0.0006:105:4.22: 1.22:0.31:4.58:44:40:50:780.  制备方法同实施例六。 Preparation method described in Example VI.   实施例十山楂∶麦芽∶枳壳∶神曲∶肉桂∶陈皮∶甘草∶白术∶茴香∶党参∶马齿苋∶板蓝根∶酸枣仁∶枸杞子∶刺五加∶补骨脂∶贯众∶蜂蜜∶维生素A∶维生素D3∶胆碱∶尼克酸∶泛酸钙∶核磺素∶左旋肉碱∶耐得酵素∶丙酸钙∶乙氧喹∶稻壳粉＝60∶45∶40∶46∶46∶46∶46∶70∶76∶65∶46∶85∶58∶36∶50∶55∶46∶120∶0.61∶0.00063∶120∶4.52∶1.316∶0.313∶5.11∶55∶50∶55∶800。 Tenth embodiment Hawthorn: malt: Citrus aurantium: The Divine Comedy: Cinnamon: Citrus: Licorice: Atractylodes: Fennel: Codonopsis: purslane: Radix: Semen: Wolfberry: Acanthopanax: psoralen: Guanzhong: Honey: Vitamin A: vitamin choline D3:: niacin: calcium pantothenate: nuclear sulfonic factors: L-carnitine: endure enzymes: calcium propionate: ethoxyquin: rice husk powder = 60:45:40:46:46:46: 46:70:76:65:46:85:58:36:50:55:46:120:0.61:0.00063:120:4.52:1.316:0.313:5.11:55:50:55:800.  制备方法同实施例六。 Preparation method described in Example VI.  本发明添加剂的使用方法如下：在普通日粮中添加0.5％-3％的本发明添加剂，搅拌均匀即可。 Use of the present invention, the additive is as follows: 0.5% -3% of the additive of the present invention in an ordinary diet, mix well.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN1709127A/en"}
{"Title":"Fruit flavor pickle taking wild herbs as main materials","Abstract":"Abstract  The invention discloses a fruit flavor pickle taking wild herbs as main materials. Main components of the pickle comprise purslane, bitter sow thistle, shepherd's purse, radish, cucumber, apple, chestnut, pear, fresh lily bulb, Jerusalem artichoke, lotus root, Chinese yam, medlar bud and fresh chilli. The fruit flavor pickle has the advantages that: the production process is simple, the cost is low, and the raw materials have wide sources; and because the fruit raw materials are added, the pickle improves the original bad tastes of the wild herbs, promotes secretion and is delicious during eating, has unique flavor, and has the effects of stimulating appetite and assisting eating, clearing heat and detoxifying, replenishing qi to invigorate the spleen, relieving swelling and removing pus, removing stasis and detoxifying, cooling blood and stopping bleeding. The fruit flavor pickle is an ideal product for developing nutritional, health-care and dietetic food, is real 'green' food, and has broad market prospect.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜 A kind of wild fruit flavor of kimchi-based materials  技术领域 TECHNICAL FIELD  [0001] 本发明涉及一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜，它属于食品技术领域。 [0001] The present invention relates to a main material of wild fruit flavor of pickles, which belongs to the technical field of food. 背景技术 Background technique  [0002] 泡菜是一种传统的大众化发酵食品，以其独特的冷加工方式，对原料的营养成分、 色、香、味的保持都极为完好，是人类几千年来制作经验和智慧的结晶，它经历数千年而长盛不衰。 [0002] Kimchi is a traditional fermented food popularity, with its unique way of cold, nutrient composition of raw materials, color, smell and taste are extremely well kept, humans for thousands of years of production experience and wisdom, it has gone through thousands of years and enduring. 目前市场上的泡菜产品多是以人们种植的蔬菜为主要原料，品种比较单一，营养成份单调，不能满足广大消费者的需求。 Currently kimchi products on the market and more people are planting vegetables as the main raw material, variety single, monotonous nutrients can not meet the needs of consumers. 野菜是20世纪90年代以来人们开发新的蔬菜种类的一个热点，特别是在近年来人们不断追求食品多元化、更加注重食品健康的情况下，野菜以其一些独特的品质越来越受到人们的欢迎，然而，关于以野菜为主要原料的泡菜产品研究很少，目前未见关于野菜泡菜的研究报道。 Wild since the 1990s, people develop new kinds of vegetables a hot spot, especially in the case in recent years, people continue to pursue diversification of food, pay more attention to healthy food, vegetables some of its unique qualities more and more people Welcome, however, research on wild pickle products as the main raw material of the few currently no research reports on wild pickles.  发明内容 SUMMARY   [0003] 本发明的目的是针对上述现有技术所存在的缺陷，提供一种以野菜为主要原料的绿色、时尚、水果风味泡菜。 [0003] The present invention is directed to the above-mentioned prior art drawbacks, provide a wild green as the main raw material, fashion, fruit flavor pickles.  [0004] 本发明为实现上述目的所采用的技术方案是： [0004] Technical Solution To achieve the above object of the present invention is used is:  [0005] 一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜，它的主要成分包括马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、萝卜、 黄瓜、苹果、栗子、梨、鲜百合、菊芋、藕、山药、枸杞嫩芽、鲜红椒，其重量百分比占泡菜总量的80〜90%，其中马齿苋30〜50%、苦菜5〜15%、荠菜5〜15%、萝卜2〜5%、黄瓜4〜6%、苹果5〜10%、栗子3〜5%、梨1〜3%、鲜百合3〜5%、菊芋3〜5%、藕2〜 4%、山药3〜5%、枸杞嫩芽3〜10%、鲜青椒0.5〜10%。 [0005] a kind of wild fruit flavor pickles based material, which consists primarily of purslane, sow thistle, shepherd's purse, radish, cucumbers, apples, chestnuts, pears, fresh lily, artichoke, lotus root, Chinese yam, wolfberry tender bud, red pepper, the weight percentage of 80~90% kimchi total, of which 30 ~ 50% purslane, bitter herbs 5 to 15% 5 to 15%, shepherd's purse, radish 2 ~ 5%, 4 ~ 6 cucumber % 5 to 10%, apples, chestnuts ~ 5% ~ 3% pear, fresh lily ~ 5% ~ 5% artichoke, lotus root 2 ~ 4% ~ 5% yam, Chinese wolfberry shoots 3 ~ 10%, fresh green pepper 0.5~10%.  [0006] 一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜，它的生产工艺包括： [0006] a kind of wild fruit flavor pickles main material, its production process, including:   [0007] (1)、选取新鲜、无病虫害马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、萝卜、黄瓜、苹果、栗子、梨、鲜百合、 菊芋、藕、山药、枸杞嫩芽、鲜红辣椒，分别去杂洗净，清水浸泡20〜30分钟，再浙干水分；将马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、枸杞嫩芽分别用沸水漂烫0. 5〜1. 5分钟，再用净水浸泡0. 5〜1小时， 然后浙干水分； [0007] (1), select fresh, no pests purslane, bitter herbs, shepherd's purse, radish, cucumbers, apples, chestnuts, pears, fresh lily, artichoke, lotus root, Chinese yam, wolfberry shoots, red pepper, respectively, to the complex washed, soaked in water for 20 to 30 minutes, then dry moisture Zhejiang; purslane, bitter herbs, shepherd's purse, wolfberry shoots are blanched in boiling water for 0.5 5~1 5 minutes, then soaked in water 0.5. ~ 1 hour, then Zhejiang dry moisture;  [0008] (2)将各种原料根据需要切成大块或条状，晾干水分，加盐揉搓，密闭发酵8〜16 小时，发酵温度在20°C〜30°C之间，发酵室的温度在25°C ； [0008] (2) The raw materials needed cut into chunks or strips, dry water, rub with salt, closed 8~16 hours fermentation, fermentation temperature between 20 ° C~30 ° C, fermentation room the temperature at 25 ° C;  [0009] (3)将调料放入冷水浸泡0. 5〜1个小时，水量为原料容量的1〜1. 5倍，先用武火煮沸，再用文火熬20〜40分钟，自然冷却，得调料汁； [0009] (3) the spices into the cold water immersion 0.5 5~1 hours, water is 1~1. 5 times the capacity of raw materials, first with high heat to boil, text Huoao 20~40 minutes and then naturally cooled to obtain seasoning sauce;  [0010] (4)将调料汁倒入发酵好的原料中，封严缸口，再发酵2〜5天。 [0010] (4) The fermented juice into sauce raw materials, seal the brim, and then fermented 2 ~ 5 days.   [0011] 一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜的生产工艺，所述的调料包括花椒、大料、冰糖、小鱼干、高粱白酒、虾酱、桂皮、香叶、丁香、香果、百里香、砂仁、木香、紫苏，其重量百分比占泡菜总量的10〜20 %，其中花椒0. 1〜0. 3 %、大料0. 1〜0. 3 %、冰糖3〜5 %、小鱼干3〜5%、高粱白酒1〜3%、虾酱3〜4%、桂皮0. 1〜0. 3%、香叶0. 1〜0. 25%、丁香0. 1〜0. 2%、香果0. 1〜0. 35%、百里香0. 1〜0. 25%、砂仁0. 15〜0. 3%、木香0. 15〜0.3%、紫苏0. 1 〜0.4%。 [0011] a kind of wild fruit-based material production technology kimchi flavor, the spices include pepper, aniseed, sugar, dried fish, sorghum liquor, shrimp paste, cinnamon, bay leaves, cloves, allspice, thyme, Amomum, woody, basil, which accounts for 10-20% by weight of the total amount of pickles, pepper 0. 1~0 wherein 3%, aniseed 1~0 0. 3%, sugar 3 ~ 5 %, dried fish ~ 5% ~ 3% sorghum liquor, shrimp paste 3 to 4%, cinnamon 1~0 0. 3%, geraniol 1~0 0. 25%, 0. 1 ~ cloves 0.2%, 0.5 1~0 allspice 35%, thyme 0. 1~0 25%, Amomum 15~0 0. 3%, wood 0.1% 15~0.3, basil 0. 1 ~ 0.4%.  [0012] 本发明的优越性在于：工艺简单，成本低廉，原料来源广泛；由于添加了水果原料，而改善了野菜原有的不良口味，风味独特，食之生津爽口，具有开胃助食，成为人们喜爱的美味佳肴。 [0012] The advantages of the present invention is: the process is simple, low cost, wide source of raw materials; the addition of fruits and raw materials, and improve the original wild bad taste, unique flavor, Sheng Jin fresh taste, with appetizers help food become a favorite delicacies.   [0013] 民间谤语：“苦菜花香，常吃身体硬梆梆；苦菜叶苦，常吃好比人参补。”苦菜能够清热燥湿、消肿排脓、化淤解毒、凉血止血。 [0013] Folk slander phrase: "bitter cauliflower incense, eat the body stiff and unyielding; Bitter bitter leaves, eat like ginseng supplement." Bitter herbs can heat dampness, drainage and swelling, stasis detoxification, cooling blood to stop bleeding . 对急性淋巴细胞性白血病、急性及慢性粒细胞白血病都有抑制作用。 Acute lymphocytic leukemia, acute and chronic myeloid leukemia are inhibited. 《神农本草经》说它“苦寒，主治五脏邪气，厌谷胃痹，久服安心、益气、 轻身、耐老”。 "Shen Nong's Materia Medica" that it was "bitter cold, attending the five internal organs evil, tired Valley stomach paralysis, Jiufu peace of mind, Qi, light-weight, resistant to the old." 苦菜嫩叶中氨基酸种类齐全，且各种氨基酸之间比例适当。 Sow thistle leaves the kinds of amino acids, and appropriate proportions between the various amino acids. 食用苦菜有助于促进人体内抗体的合成，增强机体免疫力，促进大脑机能。 Eating bitter herbs help to promote the body's synthesis of antibodies, enhance immunity, promote brain function. 苦菜中丰富的铁元素有利于预防贫血，多种无机盐和微量元素有利于儿童的生长发育，多种维生素可促进伤口愈合，防止维生素缺乏。 Bitter herbs rich in iron help to prevent anemia, a variety of salts and trace elements conducive to the growth and development of children, vitamins can promote wound healing and prevent vitamin deficiency. 马齿苋马齿苋是一种疗效奇特的野生蔬菜，味酸性寒，入肝、脾、大肠经，具有清热利湿、解毒消肿、止渴利尿、杀虫通淋等多种效用，同时还有益气作用，是防治痢疾、泄泻的特效中草药之一。 Purslane Purslane is an effective and unique wild vegetable, taste acidic cold, into the liver, spleen, large intestine, with heat and dampness, detoxification swelling, thirst diuretic, Tonglin other insecticidal effect, while there Qi role, dysentery, diarrhea, one of the effects of Chinese herbal medicine. 俗话说，“到了三月三，荠菜当灵丹”。 As the saying goes, "to the March 3, shepherd's purse as a panacea." 荠菜有明目，清热、止血、利尿、治痢等功效。 Shepherd's purse have eyesight, heat, stop bleeding, diuretic, anti-malaria and other effects. 菊芋含有丰富的菊糖、多缩戊糖、淀粉等物质，性味甘、平、无毒，有利水去湿、和中益胃及具清热解毒的作用，为利尿剂。 Jerusalem artichoke is rich in inulin, pentosan, starch and other substances, and sweet, flat, non-toxic, favorable water dehumidification, and the stomach and with the role of detoxification, diuretic. 。 . 菊芋中的菊糖具有良好的血糖双向调节作用，即一方面可使糖尿病患者血糖降低，另一方面又能使低血糖病人血糖升高。 Jerusalem artichoke inulin has a good two-way regulation of blood sugar, which on the one hand can reduce blood sugar in diabetic patients, on the other hand can make elevated blood glucose hypoglycemia.  [0014] 因此，本发明是发展营养、保健、疗效食品的理想产品，是名副其实的“绿色”食品， 有着广阔的市场前景。 [0014] Accordingly, the present invention is ideal for the development of nutrition, health, food effect, is a veritable "green" food, has broad market prospects.  具体实施方式 detailed description  [0015] 一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜，它的主要成分包括马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、萝卜、 黄瓜、苹果、栗子、梨、鲜百合、菊芋、藕、山药、枸杞嫩芽、鲜红椒，其重量百分比占泡菜总量的85%，其中马齿苋40%、苦菜10%、荠菜10%、萝卜3%、黄瓜5%、苹果7%、栗子9%、梨2%、鲜百合4%、菊芋4%、藕3%、山药4%、枸杞嫩芽4%、鲜青椒1%。 [0015] a kind of wild fruit flavor pickles based material, which consists primarily of purslane, sow thistle, shepherd's purse, radish, cucumbers, apples, chestnuts, pears, fresh lily, artichoke, lotus root, Chinese yam, wolfberry tender bud, red pepper, the weight percentage of 85% of the total amount of kimchi, which purslane 40%, 10% bitter herbs, shepherd's purse 10%, 3% carrot, cucumber 5%, 7% apples, chestnuts 9%, 2 pears % 4% fresh lily, artichoke 4%, 3% of the lotus, yam 4%, 4% wolfberry shoots, fresh green pepper 1%.  [0016] 一种以野菜为主料的水果风味泡菜，它的生产工艺包括： [0016] a kind of wild fruit flavor pickles main material, its production process, including:   [0017] (1)、选取新鲜、无病虫害马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、萝卜、黄瓜、苹果、栗子、梨、鲜百合、 菊芋、藕、山药、枸杞嫩芽、鲜红辣椒，分别去杂洗净，清水浸泡30分钟，再浙干水分；将马齿苋、苦菜、荠菜、枸杞嫩芽分别用沸水漂烫1分钟，再用净水浸泡1小时，然后浙干水分； [0017] (1), select fresh, no pests purslane, bitter herbs, shepherd's purse, radish, cucumbers, apples, chestnuts, pears, fresh lily, artichoke, lotus root, Chinese yam, wolfberry shoots, red pepper, respectively, to the complex washed, soaked with water for 30 minutes, Zhejiang dry moisture; purslane, bitter herbs, shepherd's purse, wolfberry shoots are blanched in boiling water for 1 minute, and then soaked in water for 1 hour and then dry moisture Zhejiang;  [0018] (2)将各种原料根据需要切成大块或条状，晾干水分，加盐揉搓，密闭发酵12小时，发酵温度在25 °C ； [0018] (2) The raw materials needed cut into chunks or strips, dry water, rub with salt, closed 12 hours of fermentation, fermentation temperature at 25 ° C;  [0019] (3)将调料放入冷水浸泡0. 5个小时，水量为原料容量的1. 5倍，先用武火煮沸，再用文火熬30分钟，自然冷却，得调料汁； [0019] (3) the spices into the cold water immersion 0.5 hours, water is 1.5 times the capacity of raw materials, first with high heat to boil, text Huoao 30 minutes and then naturally cooled to obtain seasoning sauce;  [0020] (4)将调料汁倒入发酵好的原料中，封严缸口，再发酵3天。 [0020] (4) The fermented juice into sauce raw materials, seal the brim, and then fermented for three days.  4 4","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN101933589A/en"}
{"Title":"Chinese herbal medicine additive for reducing stress reaction of a weaned pig and pig feed thereof","Abstract":"Abstract  The invention discloses a Chinese herbal medicine additive for reducing the stress reaction of a weaned pig. The Chinese herbal medicine additive comprises the ingredients of: codonopsis pilosula, rhizoma atractylodis macrocephalae, poria cocos, Chinese yam, astragalus mongholicus, lotus seed, fried green beans, fried coix seed, radix ophiopogonis, schisandra chinensis, polygonum multiflorum, glossy privet fruit, eclipta alba, date kernel, platycladi seed, cortex albiziae, polygala tenuifolia, uncaria rhynchophylla, keel, oyster, coked medicated leaven, coked maltum, scutellaria baicalensis, cape jasmine, cortex moutan, red paeony root, dandelion, radix isatidis, cyrtomium fortunei, fried betel nut, purslane and liquorice. The Chinese herbal medicine additives disclosed by the invention in feed accounts for 1.5-2wt% in feed; and by adopting the Chinese herbal medicine additive, the immunity of the weaned pig can be improved, and the stress reaction of the weaned pig can be reduced. The Chinese herbal medicine additive has the characteristics of low price and no toxic and side effect.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂及其猪饲料 Reduce weaning stress herbal additives and swine feed  [0001] 技术领域 [0001] Technical Field  本发明涉及一种医药技术领域的中草药添加剂及其猪饲料，具体是一种提高断奶仔猪免疫力降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂及其猪饲料。 The present invention relates to a technical field of medicine herbs and pig feed additive, in particular for improving immunity of weaned piglets weaned reduce stress herbal additives and swine feed.  背景技术 Background technique   [0002] 猪应激，指猪对体内外各种刺激所产生的非特异性应答反应的总和，是一种应激反应，是机体的一种防御机制。 [0002] Porcine stress, the sum of non-specific responses in vivo and pigs produced by various stimuli, is a stress response is a defense mechanism of the body. 主要是引起神经系统和神经内分泌系统的一系列变化，这些变化将重新调整机体的内环境平衡状态，以适应应激原的作用。 Mainly caused a series of changes in the nervous system and the neuroendocrine system, these changes will re-adjust the body's internal environment balance, to suit the stressor role. 没有应激反应，机体将无法适应随时变动的环境，过分应激反应，超出机体的适应能力或反应异常，则造成内环境紊乱，诱发疾病的发生或疾病的发展，恶化。 No stress, the body will not be able to adapt to changes in the environment at any time, excessive stress response, beyond the body's ability to adapt or abnormal reaction, the resulting internal environment disorder induced disease development or progression of the disease, worse. 在养猪生产中过分应激往往对猪只生产力和健康造成不良影响。 In pig production excessive stress often adversely affect the health and productivity of pigs. 养殖生产中常见的应激因素有：环境中的应激因素如光、温度、有毒有害气体等，饲养管理因素，营养因素，群饲应激、密度与应激、运输应激因子等。 Aquaculture common stress factors are: the environment stress factors such as light, temperature, and other toxic gases, feeding and management factors, nutritional factors, group feeding stress, density and stress, transport stress factor. 断奶仔猪，由于饲养规程变更，饲养员更换、断奶、称重、转群、抓捕、驱赶等，造成猪群压力的增加，出现猪咬耳和咬尾巴现象，仔猪断奶后15天内，出现采食量下降15% — 20%，烦躁不安、攻击性加强、生长停滞（俗称悼奶瞟）、腹泻、并发水肿病和抗病力下降等综合应激，更容易发生消化道菌群失调，引起消化道正常微生物区系被破坏，大肠杆菌、沙门氏杆菌等致病菌株大量繁殖引发细菌性肠炎。 Weaning, due to keeping procedures to change breeder replacement, weaning, weighing, transfer group, arrested, expelled, resulting in increased pressure on the herd, the emergence of pigs ear biting and biting tail phenomenon, within 15 days after weaning, there mining appetite decreased 15% --20% irritability, aggressive strengthening, growth arrest (commonly known as Mourning glanced milk), diarrhea, edema disease and the concurrent decline in disease resistance and other comprehensive stress, more prone to gastrointestinal flora, causing normal gastrointestinal microflora is destroyed, E. coli, Salmonella and other pathogenic strains caused by the large population of bacterial enteritis. 研究表明，猪是最容易应激的动物种类，而在集约化养殖过程中，断奶又是最易诱发仔猪应激的生产环节。 Studies have shown that pigs are most likely to stress animal species, and in the process of intensive breeding, weaning piglets is the most easy to induce stress in production processes. [0003] 我国现今的生猪集约化养殖规模不断扩大，这种工厂化特有的生产方式容易造成猪的应激，不但降低饲料报酬，延缓猪的生长速度，增加养殖业成本，应激还会降低猪的免疫力，导致猪群疫病流行、猪肉品质下降，给公共卫生和食品安全带来了极大损害，不符合人们“高品质、绿色无公害”的食品消费趋势。 [0003] Our intensive pig breeding scale today continues to expand, this unique factory pig production is likely to cause stress, not only reduces feed efficiency, slow the growth rate of pigs, increasing farming costs, but also reduce stress pig's immune system, leading to epidemic pigs, pork quality decline, to public health and food safety has brought great damage, it does not meet the "high-quality, pollution-free green" food consumption trends. 畜产品要满足人们的消费要求就必须寻找一种安全的生产模式，而饲养是第一又是至关重要的环节。 To meet people and livestock consumption requirements we must find a secure mode of production, and is the first feeding is vital link. 由此可见，提供一种在集约化养殖模式中降低猪只应激的药物制剂显得尤为重要。 Thus, there is provided a method of reducing stress in pigs pharmaceutical preparation is particularly important in intensive farming mode.  [0004] 由于中草药具有营养和保健的双重功能，又因其具有资源丰富、作用广泛、标本兼治、安全低毒、价格低廉、不易产生耐药性等优点而倍受人们青睐。 [0004] Since the herbs have the dual function of nutrition and health, but also because of its rich resources, a wide range of effects, treating the symptoms, safety and low toxicity, low cost, easy to produce drug resistance, etc. and much people of all ages. 养殖业中使用中草药提高机体的免疫水平受到普遍关注。 The aquaculture herbal medicine to improve the body's immune level of general concern.  [0005] 经对现有技术的文献检索发现，尚未见与本发明主题一种提高断奶仔猪免疫力降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂及其猪饲料有关的报道。 [0005] After the literature search prior art found, and has not been subject of the present invention is a method for increasing immunity of weaned piglets weaned reduce stress herbal additives and reports relating to the pig feed.  发明内容 SUMMARY  [0006] 本发明的目的在于克服上述现有技术的不足，提供一种降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂，用于提高断奶仔猪免疫力，增强对致病性微生物和寄生虫的抵抗力，避免传染性疾病的发生。 [0006] The object of the present invention to overcome the deficiencies of the prior art, there is provided a method of reducing weaning stress herbal additive for weaned piglets immunity, enhance the pathogenic microorganisms and parasites resistance, avoid the occurrence of infectious diseases.  [0007] 本发明是通过以下的技术方案实现的： [0007] The present invention is realized by the following technical solutions for:   本发明涉及一种降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂，其组分和重量份数为：党参30 - 90份、白术10 - 30份、茯苓30 — 90份、山药30 — 90份、黄芪30 — 90份、莲子10 - 30份、炒扁豆10 - 30份、炒薏仁10 - 30份、麦冬10 — 30份、五味子10 — 30份、 何首乌30 - 90份、女贞子10 - 30份、旱莲草10 - 30份、枣仁10-30份、柏子仁10-30 份、合欢皮10-30份、远志10-30份、钩藤10-30份、龙骨30 — 90份、牡蛎30 - 90份、 焦神曲30 — 90份、焦麦芽30 — 90份、黄芩10-30份、桅子10-30份、丹皮10-30份、 赤芍10-30份、贯众15 - 45份、炒槟榔10 — 30份、蒲公英30 — 90份、板兰根20 — 60 份、马齿苋30 - 90份、甘草6 - 18份。 The present invention relates to a method of reducing weaning stress herbal additives and their constituent parts by weight: Codonopsis 30--90 parts, Atractylodes 10 --30 parts, Poria 30--90 parts, yam 30--90 parts, astragalus 30 - 90 parts, lotus 10--30 parts, fried lentils 10 --30 parts of fried barley 10 --30 parts, Radix 10 --30 parts, Schisandra 10--30 parts, Polygonum 30--90 parts, Ligustrum lucidum 10--30 parts , Eclipta 10--30 parts Zaoren 10-30 parts Bozi 10-30 parts, 10-30 parts Albizia, Polygalaceae 10-30 parts, 10-30 parts of Uncaria, keel 30--90 parts, oysters 30--90 parts, coke Divine Comedy 30--90 parts, coke malt 30--90 parts, 10-30 parts of skullcap, gardenia 10-30 parts, 10-30 parts of Dan, red peony root 10-30 parts, Guanzhong 15-- 45, betel nut fried 10--30 parts, dandelion 30--90 parts, Ban Langen 20--60 parts, purslane 30--90 parts, licorice 6--18 parts.   [0008] 所述中草药添加剂其组分和重量份数为：党参60份、白术20份、茯苓60份、山药60份、黄芪60份、莲子20份、炒扁豆20份、炒薏仁20份、麦冬20份、五味子20份、 何首乌60份、女贞子20份、旱莲草20份、枣仁20份、柏子仁20份、合欢皮20份、远志20份、钩藤20份、龙骨60份、牡蛎60份、焦神曲60份、焦麦芽60份、黄芩20份、桅子20份、丹皮20份、赤芍20份、贯众30份、炒槟榔20份、蒲公英60份、板兰根40份、 马齿苋60份、甘草12份。 [0008] The herbal additives and their constituent parts by weight: 60 parts Codonopsis, Atractylodes 20 parts, Poria 60 yam 60 parts, 60 parts of astragalus, 20 parts of lotus seeds, fried lentils 20 parts, 20 parts of fried barley, Radix 20 parts, 20 parts of Schisandra, fleece-flower root 60 parts and 20 parts of Ligustrum lucidum, Eclipta 20 parts, 20 parts of Zao Ren, Bozi 20 parts, 20 parts Albizia, Polygalaceae 20 parts, 20 parts of Uncaria, keel 60 parts, 60 parts of oysters, 60 parts of coke Divine Comedy, coke malt 60 parts, 20 parts skullcap, Gardenia 20 parts, 20 parts of Dan, red peony root 20 parts and 30 parts of Guanzhong, fried betel 20 parts, 60 parts of dandelion, Ban Langen 40 parts purslane 60 parts, 12 parts of licorice.  [0009] 本发明还涉及一种含有所述的降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂的猪饲料， 所述的中草药添加剂在猪饲料中的比例为2wt%。 [0009] The present invention also relates to a method comprising the reduced stress herbal weaned pig feed additive, the proportion of Chinese herbal medicine additive in pig feed was 2wt%.   [0010] 本发明主要根据中医扶正驱邪理论，中医理论认为正气不足是疾病发生的内因， 邪气是疾病发生的外因。 [0010] The present invention is primarily based on the theory of Chinese medicine righting evil, TCM theory holds that the lack of righteousness is internal disease, the evil is external disease. 仔猪本身脾胃虚弱、元气不足，断奶后由于饲养规程变更，饲养员更换、断奶、称重、转群、抓捕、驱赶等，造成猪群压力的增加，出现猪咬耳和咬尾巴，采食量下降，烦躁不安、攻击性加强、生长停滞、腹泻、并发水肿病和抗病力下降等综合应激。 Piglets itself weak stomach, lack of vitality after weaning due to keeping procedures to change breeder replacement, weaning, weighing, transfer group, arrested, expelled, resulting in increased pressure on the herd, the emergence of pigs ear biting and biting its tail, feed decline, irritability, aggressive strengthening, growth retardation, diarrhea, edema disease and the concurrent decline in disease resistance and other comprehensive stress. 针对病因，药剂组方遵循健脾益气、滋补肝肾、滋养安神、清热杀虫基本法则，增强断奶仔猪体质、提高免疫力，降低断奶仔猪应激反应。 For the cause, follow the prescription drug Spleen Qi, nourishing the liver and kidney, nourishing the nerves, heat insecticide basic rules and enhance weaned health and improve immunity, reduce weaning stress.  [0011] 原理如下： [0011] works as follows:   药剂中党参补中益气、生津养血，白术补脾益气、燥湿利水，茯苓利水渗湿、健脾， 山药健脾益胃、滋肾益精，益肺止咳，黄芪补气升阳、益卫固表.现代药理研究证实：党参可增强机体抵抗力、降低血压，具有调节胃肠运动、抗溃疡、抑制胃酸分泌、降低胃蛋白酶活性的作用；白术增强机体免疫调整胃肠运动功能，抗应激，增强造血功能；茯苓有抗肿瘤和免疫增强作用；山药有利于脾胃消化吸收功能，有强健机体，滋肾益精的作用，益肺气，养肺阴，治疗肺虚痰嗽久咳之症；黄芪有增强非特异性免疫功能和增强特异性免疫功能。 Medicament Codonopsis deficiency, fluid and blood, Atractylodes Spleen Qi, dampness diuresis, Poria Shenshi diuresis, spleen, yam spleen and stomach, nourishing kidney Yijing, Yifeizhike, Astragalus qi Sun ., Yi Wei solid form modern pharmacological studies confirmed: Codonopsis can enhance the body immunity, lower blood pressure, regulate gastrointestinal motility, anti-ulcer, inhibition of gastric acid secretion, reduce pepsin activity; Atractylodes enhance immune adjustment gastrointestinal motility , anti-stress, enhance hematopoietic function; Poria have anti-tumor and immune enhancement; yam conducive to stomach digestion and absorption functions, there is a strong body, nourishing kidney Yijing role in lung benefits, raising Yin, the treatment of lung deficiency Tansou the disease cough; Astragalus can enhance non-specific immune function and enhance the specific immune function. 五药合用为君药共奏补益脾胃之气。 Five King and medicine drugs played a total replenishing spleen qi. 配以炒扁豆健脾化湿消暑；炒薏仁利水渗湿健脾，有抗肿瘤和增强免疫力和抗炎作用，薏苡仁油对细胞免疫、体液免疫有促进作用；莲子补脾益肾养心。 With fried lentils Jianpihuashitang refreshing; fried barley diuresis Shenshi spleen, enhance immunity and anti-tumor and anti-inflammatory effects, CLSO cellular immunity, humoral immunity promoted; lotus seeds spleen and kidney Yang Xin . 三药合用辅助君药，既可健脾，又能渗湿而止泻。 Three-drug combination auxiliary herbs, both spleen, but dampness and diarrhea. 配以何首乌补肝肾益精血强筋骨，女贞子补益肝肾，旱莲草养肝益肾。 With Polygonum liver or kidney essence and blood and strong bones and muscles, liver and kidney tonic Ligustrum lucidum, Eclipta Liver and kidney. 现代药理研究证实，有促进造血功能，提高机体免疫功能， 升高外周白细胞，增强网状内皮系统吞噬能力，增强细胞免疫和体液免疫的作用，能明显增强非特异性免疫和细胞免疫功能显著促进τ、B淋巴细胞增值，降血脂，抗动脉粥样硬化，保肝等，三药合用共奏滋补肝肾作用。 Modern pharmacological studies confirmed that promote hematopoietic function, improve immune function, increased peripheral leukocytes, enhance reticuloendothelial system phagocytic activity, enhance cellular and humoral immune effects, can significantly enhance the non-specific immunity and cellular immunity significantly promote τ , B lymphocyte proliferation, blood fat, anti-atherosclerosis, liver and other three drugs played a total of nourishing the liver and kidney effects. 配以麦冬养阴生津、润肺清心，五味子益气生津、补肾宁心。 With Radix YangYinShengJin, pure heart and lungs, Schisandra Qi Sheng Jin, kidney Ning heart. 现代药理研究证实：麦冬有中枢抑制作用，增强特异性免疫功能；五味子有广泛中枢抑制作用，又有安定药的作用特点，抗氧化保肝脏。 Modern pharmacological studies confirmed: Radix central inhibition, and enhance specific immune function; Schisandra has a wide central inhibition, but also the stability characteristics of drug action, antioxidant protection liver. 二药合用共奏补肾益气、生津宁神作用。 Two drugs played a total kidney Qi, Sheng Jin calming effect. 配以枣仁补肝宁心，有镇静催眠、安定、抗惊厥、镇疼、降温作用，抗心律失常、降血压作用，柏子仁、合欢皮、远志养心安神益智，四药合用有镇静、抗惊厥作用。 With Bugan Zaoren Ning Xin, sedative hypnotic, tranquilizers, anti-convulsants, town pain, cooling effect, antiarrhythmic, hypotensive effect, Bozi, Albizia, Polygalaceae nourishing the heart tranquilizer puzzle, four drugs have sedative , anticonvulsant effect. 配以钩藤清热平肝、熄风定惊作用，有降压镇静作用，降低兴奋性作用，龙骨、牡蛎镇静安神、平肝潜阳，并可补充机体钙质流失。 Uncaria with heat Pinggan, Xifeng shock effect, antihypertensive sedative effect, reduce the excitability effect, keel, oysters sedative, calming liver yang, and supplement the body calcium loss. 配以焦神曲、焦麦芽共奏健脾、消食作用，其中焦神曲、焦麦芽其含有多种消化酶，还含有酵母菌、B族维生素，增进食欲、促进消化。 Divine Comedy with coke, coke malt were played spleen, digestion effect, in which coke Divine Comedy, malt coke which contains a variety of digestive enzymes, it also contains yeast, B vitamins, increase appetite and promote digestion. 配以黄芩清热燥湿、泻火解毒，桅子泻火除烦、清热利尿、凉血解毒，丹皮清热凉血、活血化瘀，赤芍行瘀止痛、凉血、消肿，四药有抗病原微生物、抗炎抗过敏、镇静降压、解热、抗氧化、降低血压、利胆保肝作用，对中枢神经有镇静抗惊厥、解热镇疼，降压作用。 With skullcap heat dampness, purging fire detoxification, purging fire Gardenia Chufan, diuretic heat, cooling blood detoxification, Dan heat and cooling blood, blood circulation, TPG stasis pain, cooling blood, swelling, four drugs are pathogenic microorganisms, anti-allergic anti-inflammatory, sedative blood pressure, antipyretic, antioxidant, lower blood pressure, liver and gallbladder effect on the central nervous system sedative anticonvulsant, antipyretic town of pain, blood pressure. 佐以贯众清热解毒、止痢、杀虫，药理研究有抗病原微生物的作用；炒槟榔消积驱虫作用，槟榔碱是有效的驱虫成分，对猪肉绦虫有较强的瘫痪作用。 Accompanied Guanzhong detoxification, Zhili, pesticides, pharmacological studies of the role of pathogenic microorganisms; fried betel consumer product deworming role arecoline is effective insecticide ingredient, pork tapeworm has a strong paralysis effect. 佐以蒲公英清热解毒，现代研究发现其有抗病原微生物作用，能显著提高人外周血淋巴细胞母细胞转化率；马齿苋清热利湿、解毒消肿、消炎，抗菌作用，对大肠杆菌、变形杆菌、 痢疾杆菌、伤寒、副伤寒杆菌有高度的抑制作用，对金黄色葡萄球菌、真菌、结核杆菌也有不同程度的抑制作用，对绿脓杆菌有轻度抑制作用；板兰根清热解毒，三药合用，预防仔猪发生传染性疾病。 Accompanied by dandelion detoxify, modern research has found that the original microbial resistance, can significantly improve the human peripheral blood lymphocyte blasts conversion rate; purslane heat and dampness, detoxification swelling, anti-inflammatory, antibacterial effect on E. coli, Proteus, dysentery bacillus, typhoid, paratyphoid bacillus have a high degree of inhibition of Staphylococcus aureus, fungi, Mycobacterium tuberculosis have different degrees of inhibition of Pseudomonas aeruginosa mild inhibitory effect; Ban Langen detoxification, three drugs combined, prevent the occurrence of infectious diseases in piglets. 甘草调和诸药、缓急止痛而解毒，为使药。 Licorice reconcile various drugs, urgency and pain relief and detoxification, to make medicine.   [0012] 与现有技术相比，本发明有如下有益效果：本发明基于中医对断奶仔猪发病机理的认识和治疗原则，遵循中药配伍原则和现代药理学对中药功能的研究，结合集约化养猪场断奶仔猪所处的环境及其生长特点，将天然中草药组成的药剂作为饲料添加剂饲喂断奶仔猪，对增强仔猪的体质提高机体免疫力，降低断奶仔猪应激反应，提高生猪出栏时间和出栏率和提高肉质品质量起到良好的效果。 [0012] Compared with the prior art, the present invention has the following beneficial effects: The present invention is based on the recognition and treatment principles of Chinese medicine pathogenesis of weaning, follow the principle of compatibility studies medicine and modern pharmacology function of traditional Chinese medicine, combined with intensive support environment and growth characteristics of swine weaning piglets which will be composed of natural herbal drug as a feed additive feeding weaning, piglets to enhance physique and improve immunity, reduce weaning stress, improve time and hog slaughter slaughter rates and improve quality meat products play a good effect. 其配方中所用中草药，对仔猪断奶后由于脾胃运化呆滞，肝肾阴阳不足，再加环境和饮食等突然改变，免疫力下降，导致应激反应发生，起到健脾益气，增强体质，提高免疫力和降低仔猪应激反应的作用。 The formula used in Chinese herbal medicine, after weaning due to the sluggish spleen and stomach, liver and kidney deficiency of yin and yang, coupled with a sudden change in environment and diet, decreased immunity, resulting in stress reactions, play a Spleen Qi, enhance physical fitness, improve immunity and reduce the role of stress piglets. 本发明中所用中草药均为价格低廉的常用药物，将其制成仔猪饲料添加剂服用，替代抗生素和化学合成驱虫药使用，无任何毒副作用，以较低的投入获取较高的经济效益，并为减少动物性制品中抗生素和化学药物的残留提供有效途经。 The present invention is used in herbal medicine commonly used drugs are cheap, which made taking piglet feed additives, antibiotics and chemical synthetic substitute anthelmintic use, without any side effects, lower investment obtain a higher economic efficiency, and to reduce the residual products of animal antibiotics and chemicals provide effective through.  具体实施方式 detailed description  [0013] 本实施例在以本发明的技术方案为前提下进行实施，给出了详细的实施方式和过程，但本发明的保护范围不限于下述的实施例。 [0013] In the present embodiment aspect of the present invention is implemented under the premise, it gives a detailed embodiments and procedures, but the scope of the present invention is not limited to the following examples. 下列实施例中未注明具体条件的实验方法， 通常按照常规条件，或按照制造厂商所建议的条件。 Examples experimental method does not indicate the specific conditions of the following examples, generally in accordance with conventional conditions, or conditions in accordance with the manufacturer recommends.  [0014] 实施例1 [0014] Example 1  本实施例中降低断奶仔猪应激反应的中草药添加剂组分其重量份数为：党参60份、白术20份、茯苓60份、山药60份、黄芪60份、莲子20份、炒扁豆20份、炒薏仁20份、麦冬20份、五味子20份、何首乌60份、女贞子20份、旱莲草20份、枣仁20份、柏子仁20 份、合欢皮20份、远志20份、钩藤20份、龙骨60份、牡蛎60份、焦神曲60份、焦麦芽60 份、黄芩20份、桅子20份、丹皮20份、赤芍20份、贯众30份、炒槟榔20份、蒲公英60 份、板兰根40份、马齿苋60份、甘草12份。 In this embodiment reduce weaning stress herbal weight additive component parts are: Codonopsis 60 parts, 20 parts of Atractylodes, Poria 60 yam 60 parts, 60 parts of astragalus, lotus seeds 20 parts, 20 parts of fried lentils, fried barley 20 parts, 20 parts of Radix, Schisandra 20 parts, fleece-flower root 60 parts and 20 parts of Ligustrum lucidum, Eclipta 20 parts, 20 parts of Zao Ren, Bozi 20 parts, 20 parts Albizia, Polygalaceae 20 parts hook vine 20 parts, 60 parts of the keel, oysters 60 parts, 60 parts of coke Divine Comedy, coke malt 60 parts, 20 parts skullcap, Gardenia 20 parts, 20 parts of Dan, TPG 20 parts, 30 parts of Guanzhong, 20 parts fried betel dandelion 60 parts, 40 parts of Ban Langen, purslane 60 parts, 12 parts of licorice.   [0015] 所述中草药添加剂的制备方法，包括如下步骤：配料，筛选，干燥粉碎，过80目筛，混合均勻成散剂，分装待用。 [0015] The preparation of herbal additives, comprising the steps of: ingredients, screening, dried and crushed, over 80 mesh sieve, mixed into powder, packing and set aside.  [0016] 本实施例的中草药添加剂的功效之验证如下： Verify [0016] The efficacy of herbal additives embodiment is as follows:  本发明选用同一保育舍内的断奶仔猪60头，随机分为2组，I组为对照组，饲喂基础日粮，II组为中药组，在基础日粮中分别按0. 75 wt%U. 5 wt%,2wt%的比例添加中草药添加剂，2周为1个疗程，共2个疗程进行饲养试验。 In the invention, the same care discounted weaned 60, were randomly divided into two groups, I was the control group, fed the basal diet, II group, TCM group, basal diet respectively 0. 75 wt% U . 5 wt%, 2wt% of the proportion of Chinese herbal additives, 2 weeks as a course of treatment, a total of two courses of feeding trial. 本发明考虑到，猪体内糖皮质激素分泌水平是评价机体应激反应的一个重要指标，而猪只增重也是间接反映机体应激水平的指标，所以在饲喂中草药添加剂后，测定了用药组与对照组断奶仔猪体内糖皮质激素分泌水平，同时测定了用药组与对照组增重情况，以验证中草药添加剂对机体生长能力的影响。 The present invention contemplates, pigs glucocorticoid secretion is an important index for the stress response, and weight gain pigs also indirectly reflect the body's stress level indicators, so after feeding herbal additive treatment groups were determined and the control group weaned piglets glucocorticoid hormone levels, the simultaneous determination of the treatment group and the control group, weight gain, in order to verify the impact of Chinese herbal additives on the body's ability to grow.  表1中草药添加剤对断奶仔猪糖皮质激素分泌水平影晌 Table 1 Ji to add herbs weaned glucocorticoid secretion IMPACT   对照组 0.75 wt%%添加中 1.5 wt%%添加中添加中草药 草药 草药糖皮质激3 素水平謂33±.1.,1 106J2±1.83 卯.56±1.11 9S.2S±0.68 In the control group 0.75 wt %% added in 1.5 wt %% add add herbs herbs herbs glucocorticoid hormone levels that 3 33 ± .1., 1 106J2 ± 1.83 d .56 ± 1.11 9S.2S ± 0.68  [0017] 由表1可见，2个疗程后用药组的糖皮质激素水平与对照组结果，0. 75 wt% %中药组糖皮质激素水平106. 62士1. 83，与对照组分析，差异不显著；1. 5 wt% %中药组糖皮质激素水平99. 56 士1. 11，2 wt% %中药组糖皮质激素水平98.观士0. 68，与对照组进行方差分析，差异显著，说明中草药添加剂用药组的断奶仔猪的糖皮质激素显著降低，能显著降低用药组断奶仔猪的应激能力。 [0017] Table 1 shows, glucocorticoid levels were the result after two drug treatment group, 0. 75 wt%% Medicines glucocorticoid levels 106.62 disabilities 1.83, analysis and control group, the difference not significant;. 1 5 wt%% Medicines glucocorticoid levels 99.56 disabilities 1. 11,2 wt%% Medicines glucocorticoid levels 98. View disabilities 0.68, ANOVA with the control group, the difference was significant explained herbal additive treatment groups of weaned pigs glucocorticoid significantly reduced, can significantly reduce drug group weaned irritability.  [0018] 为进一步验证中草药添加剂降低断奶仔猪应激的效果，本发明对用药2个疗程后仔猪增重情况进行统计。 [0018] In order to further validate herbal additives to reduce weaning stress effect of the present invention to heavy medication after two courses piglet case statistics. 结果如下： The results are as follows:   从表2可看出，2个疗程后用药组的增重与对照组结果，0. 75 wt% %中药组平均重27. 94Kg,与对照组分析，差异不显著；1. 5 wt% %中药组平均体重29. 57kg，2 wt% %中药组平均体重29. 56kg,与对照组进行方差分析，差异显著。 As can be seen from Table 2, the results of weight gain with the control group after two drug treatment group, 0 75 wt%% Medicines average weight 27. 94Kg, analysis and control group, the difference was not significant;.. 1 5 wt%% Medicines average weight of 29. 57kg, 2 wt%% Medicines average weight 29. 56kg, analysis of variance with the control group, a significant difference.  [0019] 生长发育观察发现实验组仔猪生长发育快，体格健壮，毛光亮润泽，肢体行为正常，无发病。 [0019] Growth was observed in the experimental group of piglets fast, athletic, Mao Guangliang moist, physical conduct normal, free from the disease. 通过对所有用添加中草药添加剂的饲料饲喂的断奶仔猪进行跟踪观察，结果表明使用本实验例的中草药添加剂安全有效，无不良反应。 By all with added herbal feed additive for weaned piglets fed tracking observation, experiment results show that the use of this additive is safe and effective herbal example, no adverse reactions.  [0020] 实施例2 [0020] Example 2   本实施例中中草药添加剂组分其重量份数为：党参30份、白术10份、茯苓30份、山药30份、黄芪30份、莲子10份、炒扁豆10份、炒薏仁10份、麦冬10份、五味子10份、 何首乌30份、女贞子10份、旱莲草10份、枣仁10份、柏子仁10份、合欢皮10份、远志10份、钩藤10份、龙骨30份、牡蛎30份、焦神曲30份、焦麦芽30份、黄芩10份、桅子10份、丹皮10份、赤芍10份、贯众15份、炒槟榔10份、蒲公英30份、板兰根20份、 马齿苋30份、甘草6份。 In this embodiment herbal weight additive component parts are: Codonopsis 30 parts, 10 parts of Atractylodes, Poria 30 parts, 30 parts of yam, astragalus 30 parts, 10 parts of lotus seeds, fried lentils 10 parts, 10 parts of fried barley, Radix 10 parts, 10 parts of Schisandra, fleece-flower root 30 parts and 10 parts of Ligustrum lucidum, Eclipta 10 parts, 10 parts of Zao Ren, Bozi 10 parts, 10 parts Albizia, Polygalaceae 10 parts, 10 parts of Uncaria, 30 parts of keel oyster 30 parts, 30 parts of coke Divine Comedy, coke malt 30 parts, 10 parts of skullcap, Gardenia 10 parts, 10 parts of Dan, red peony root 10 parts and 15 parts of Guanzhong, 10 parts of fried nuts, dandelion 30 parts, Ban Langen 20 parts, 30 parts of purslane, licorice 6 parts.  [0021] 所述中草药添加剂的制备方法，包括如下步骤：配料，筛选，干燥粉碎，过80目筛，混合均勻成散剂，分装待用。 [0021] The preparation of herbal additives, comprising the steps of: ingredients, screening, dried and crushed, over 80 mesh sieve, mixed into powder, packing and set aside.  [0022] 实施例3 [0022] Example 3   本实施例中中草药添加剂组分其重量份数为：党参90份、白术30份、茯苓90份、山药90份、黄芪90份、莲子30份、炒扁豆30份、炒薏仁30份、麦冬30份、五味子30份、何首乌90份、女贞子30份、旱莲草30份、枣仁30份、柏子仁30份、合欢皮30份、远志30 份、钩藤30份、龙骨90份、牡蛎90份、焦神曲90份、焦麦芽90份、黄芩30份、桅子30 份、丹皮30份、赤芍30份、贯众45份、炒槟榔30份、蒲公英90份、板兰根60份、马齿苋90份、甘草18份。 In this embodiment herbal weight additive component parts are: Codonopsis 90 parts, 30 parts of Atractylodes, Poria 90 parts, 90 parts of yam, astragalus 90 parts, 30 parts of lotus seeds, fried lentils 30 parts, 30 parts of fried barley, Radix 30 parts, 30 parts of Schisandra, fleece-flower root 90 parts, 30 parts of Ligustrum lucidum, Eclipta 30 parts, 30 parts of Zao Ren, Bozi 30 parts, 30 parts of Albizia, Polygalaceae 30 parts, 30 parts of Uncaria, 90 parts keel oysters 90 parts, 90 parts of coke Divine Comedy, coke malt 90 parts, 30 parts of skullcap, Gardenia 30 parts, 30 parts of Dan, TPG 30 parts, Guanzhong 45 parts, 30 parts of fried nuts, dandelion 90 parts, Ban Langen 60 parts, 90 parts of purslane, licorice 18 parts.  [0023] 所述中草药添加剂的制备方法，包括如下步骤：配料，筛选，干燥粉碎，过80目筛，混合均勻成散剂，分装待用。 [0023] The preparation of herbal additives, comprising the steps of: ingredients, screening, dried and crushed, over 80 mesh sieve, mixed into powder, packing and set aside.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN102356823A/en"}
{"Title":"Preparation method of composite green health food of freeze dried purslane and purslane/seaweed","Abstract":"Abstract  The invention discloses a preparation method of composite green health food of freeze dried purslane and purslane/seaweed. In the method, moisture in fresh purslane is removed by adopting the vacuum freeze drying technology to keep original nutrients in the purslane changeless; further, the composite green health food of purslane/seaweed produced by adopting the technology is crisp and loose, can be just melt in the mouth and has natural taste without being fried. The preparation method of the product in the invention has simple process and less cost, and is suitable for industrial production.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  冻干马齿苋及马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备方法 Preparation and freeze-dried purslane purslane / green seaweed complex health food  技术领域 TECHNICAL FIELD  [0001] 本发明属于食品加工技术领域，尤其是涉及一种采用真空冷冻干燥技术加工马齿苋及马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备方法。 [0001] The present invention belongs to the technical field of food processing, and more particularly to a method for preparing vacuum freeze-drying technology and processing purslane purslane / Seaweed composite green health food.  背景技术 Background technique   [0002] 马齿苋又名长命菜，长寿菜，是一种生长在潮湿环境中的寻常野草，近年来，科研人员发现它含有一种称为亚麻酸的Ω-3不饱和脂肪酸，它可以抑制人体血清胆固醇和甘油三脂的生成，可使血管内皮细胞合成的抗炎物质-前列腺素增多，血小板形成的血栓素A2( —种强烈的血管收缩剂和血小板凝结剂）减少，使血液粘度下降，抗凝血作用增加，起到预防血栓形成的作用；但是Ω-3不饱和脂肪酸只有在鱼类脂肪中才有，在一般植物中不可能存在。 [0002] longevity dish known as purslane, longevity food, is a growth in humid environments unusual weeds, in recent years, researchers found that it contains a called linolenic acid Ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which can inhibit the body's serum cholesterol and triglyceride production, blood vessels endothelial cell synthesis of anti-inflammatory substances - prostaglandins increased thromboxane A2 platelet formation (- kind of strong vasoconstrictor and platelet coagulant) reduced blood viscosity decreased, increased anticoagulant effect, play a role in the prevention of thrombosis; however Ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish fat only have, in general, plants can not exist. 另外马齿苋含有丰富的钾，钾离子进入血液后，可直接作用于血管壁上，使血管壁扩张，阻止动脉血管壁增厚，有效地保护血管免受侵害，从而降低高血压病、中风病的发病率。 Also purslane is rich in potassium, after potassium ions into the blood, can be directly applied to the vessel wall, the expansion of the blood vessel wall, prevent arterial wall thickening, effectively protect the blood vessels from abuse, reducing hypertension, stroke disease incidence. 因此马齿苋能显著改善人体的血液循环状况，对预防动脉硬化，防治心血管疾病有很高价值。 Therefore, purslane can significantly improve the body's blood circulation in the prevention of arteriosclerosis, prevention of cardiovascular disease have a high value. 而且马齿苋富含多种微量元素和维生素，有很高食疗作用，是一味清热、解毒、消炎、杀菌、止血、消肿的天然良药。 And purslane is rich in trace elements and vitamins, has a high therapeutic effect, is blind, detoxification, anti-inflammatory, bactericidal, bleeding, swelling of natural medicine.   [0003] 尽管马齿苋有这么多的营养保健作用，但如何利用好它不是一件容易的事。 [0003] Although there are so many purslane nutrition and health care role, but how good it is not an easy task. 目前最常用最简单的食用方法是：烹饪成各种菜肴，但当蔬菜食用毕竟有了限度，不可能常年经常性食用，所以寻找一种更好的利用方法是非常必然的。 The most common and easiest method of eating is: cooking a variety of dishes, but a vegetable after all, have limits, impossible perennial regular consumption, the search for a better use of the method is very necessary. 虽然也有像马齿苋饮料（专利：马齿苋饮料及其制备方法，200410066930. 3、专利：野菜汁保健饮料，03159536. 7)、马齿苋袋泡茶（专利：马齿苋袋泡茶及其制备方法，200410067040. 4)、马齿苋保健酒（专利：一种马齿苋保健酒的制法，200410000837. 2)等一些以马齿苋为原料做成的食品，但是诸如上述的马齿苋食品存在如下缺陷：有的不能长时间存放、有的受季节、地域限制、有的还携带、使用不方便。 Although there are drinks like purslane (Patent: purslane beverage and preparation method, 2004100669303, patent: wild vegetable juice health drink, 031,595,367.), Purslane teabag (Patent: purslane teabag its preparation method, 2004100670404), purslane health wine (Patent: a wine purslane health system of law, 2004100008372) with purslane and some other raw materials for food made of, but such as described above purslane food has the following drawbacks: some can not be stored for a long time, and some by the seasons, geographical restrictions, some also carry inconvenient to use. 尽管也有制成马齿苋干品的（专利：马齿苋干品的生产方法94111456. 2)，但其在加工过程中或多或少地接触了高温，营养成份有流失。 Although there are made of purslane dry goods (Patent: purslane dry goods production methods 94111456.2), but more or less exposed to high temperatures during processing, there is the loss of nutrients.  [0004] 另外，海苔具有营养价值高、食用口感好等特点。 [0004] In addition, the seaweed has a high nutritional value, food taste good.   [0005] 海苔即食用藻类的总称；种类有海藻的浅草紫菜、绿紫菜、甘紫菜，淡水藻的水前寺紫菜、河紫菜等。 [0005] That is edible seaweed algae collectively; species have Asakusa nori seaweed, green seaweed, Nori, freshwater algae Suizenji nori, seaweed and other river. 海苔浓缩了紫菜当中的各种B族维生素，特别是核黄素和尼克酸的含量十分丰富，还有不少维生素A和维生素Ε，以及少量的维生素C。 Nori seaweed concentrated among a variety of B vitamins, especially riboflavin and niacin content is very rich, there are a lot of vitamin A and vitamin Ε, and a small amount of vitamin C. 海苔中含有15%左右的矿物质，其中有维持正常生理功能所必需的钾、钙、镁、磷、铁、锌、铜、锰等，其中含硒和碘尤其丰富，这些矿物质可以帮助人体维持机体的酸碱平衡，有利于儿童的生长发育，对老年人延缓衰老也有帮助。 Seaweed contains minerals 15%, of which maintain normal physiological functions necessary for potassium, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, iron, zinc, copper, manganese, selenium and iodine which particularly rich in these minerals can help the body to maintain the body's acid-base balance, beneficial to the growth and development of children, the elderly aging can also help. 海苔热量很低，纤维含量却很高，几乎没有令人发胖的风险。 Seaweed low in calories, fiber content is very high, almost no risk of fattening. 英国研究人员在上世纪90年代就发现海苔可杀死癌细胞，增强免疫力。 British researchers in the 1990s discovered that seaweed can kill cancer cells, enhance immunity. 海苔中所含藻胆蛋白具有降血糖、抗肿瘤的应用前景，其中的多糖具有抗衰老、降血脂、抗肿瘤等多方面的生物活性。 Seaweed contains phycobiliproteins have hypoglycemic, anti-tumor potential applications wherein the polysaccharide has anti-aging, blood fat, anti-tumor and other aspects of biological activity. 海苔中所含的藻朊酸，还有助于清除人体内带毒性的金属，如锶和镉等。 Seaweed contains alginic acid, can also help clear the body with toxic metals, such as strontium and cadmium. 此外，海苔能预防和治疗消化性溃疡，延缓衰老，帮助女士保持皮肤的润滑健康。 In addition, seaweed can prevent and treat peptic ulcer, anti-aging, helps keep the skin lubricated Ms. health.  [0006] 为了克服现有以马齿苋为原料加工的产品及其加工技术存在的缺陷，本发明提出了采用真空冻干技术脱去马齿苋中的水分，保持马齿苋原营养成份不变，而且重量轻，只需避光防潮包装便可长时间存放，不受季节、地域限制，解决了马齿苋的常年供应的问题。 [0006] In order to overcome existing purslane as raw products and their processing technology shortcomings, the present invention provides the use of a vacuum freeze-drying technology purslane off the water to keep the original nutrients not purslane change, and light weight, just dark moisture-proof packaging can be stored for a long time, not seasonal, geographical restrictions, to solve the problem purslane perennial supply.  [0007] 同时，我们考虑到海苔的营养价值高、食用口感好，于是将马齿苋和海苔复合在一起通过本发明的技术将其制成一种体积小、重量轻、携带方便、口感香脆、即开即食的休闲旅游绿色保健食品。 [0007] At the same time, we take into account the high nutritional value of seaweed, food taste good, so the purslane and seaweed together by complex techniques of the present invention is to prepare a small size, light weight, easy to carry, fragrant taste brittle, which means instant leisure travel green health food.  [0008] 经相关专利和现有技术文献检索结果显示，均未见冻干马齿苋及马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备方法的相关报道。 [0008] by the relevant prior art patents and literature search showed showed no freeze-dried and purslane purslane / Seaweed complex reports preparation of green health food.  发明内容 SUMMARY   [0009] 本发明的目的是，解决现有技术的不足，提供冻干马齿苋及马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备方法；其能够保持马齿苋原营养成份不变，而且重量轻，只需避光防潮包装便可长时间存放，不受季节、地域限制，解决了马齿苋的常年供应的问题；同时又能够提供一种在口感上达到酥、松、脆，入口即化，即开即食的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品。 [0009] The object of the present invention is to solve the deficiencies of the prior art and to provide a lyophilized and purslane purslane / green seaweed complex health food preparation methods; able to maintain its original nutrients purslane unchanged, and the weight light, just dark moisture-proof packaging can be stored for a long time, not seasonal, geographical restrictions, to solve the problem of purslane perennial supply; at the same time be able to provide a reach crisp, pine, crisp, entrance on the palate that is , that is ready to eat purslane open / green seaweed complex health food.  [0010] 本发明的目的是通过以下技术方案实现的。 [0010] The present invention is achieved by the following technical solutions.   [0011] 一种马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品，该种食品包含马齿苋、海苔和一种或一种以上食品上可接受的调味料。 [0011] A purslane / green seaweed composite health food, the kind of food that contains the purslane, seaweed, and one or more acceptable food seasonings. 干品中马齿苋与海苔的重量比范围为10 ： 1〜1 ： 10优选6 ： 1〜1 ： 6。 Weight and purslane dry goods seaweed ratio range of 10: 1~1: 10 preferably 6: 1~1: 6. 本发明所用的调味料主要包括有食盐、糖、味精（含鸡精）。 The present invention is mainly used in seasonings include salt, sugar, monosodium glutamate (including chicken). 它们与干品马齿苋/海苔的重量比分别为：干品马齿苋/海苔：食盐=1 ： 0. 05〜0.25，优选1 ： 0.1〜 0.2，干品马齿苋/海苔：糖=1 ： 0. 1〜0.5，优选1 ： 0. 15〜0.3，干品马齿苋/海苔： 味精（含鸡精）=1 ： 0.05〜0.25，优选0.1〜0.15。 They purslane dry goods / weight ratio of seaweed are: purslane dry goods / Seaweed: salt = 1: 0. 05~0.25, preferably 1: 0.2 0.1~, purslane dry goods / Seaweed: sugar = 1: 0. 1~0.5, preferably 1: 0. 15~0.3, purslane dry goods / seaweed: MSG (including chicken) = 1: 0.05~0.25, preferably 0.1~0.15. 作为调味料用的糖可以是蔗糖、 果糖、乳糖、木糖醇，考虑到辅料便宜易得和其它功效如糖尿病专用等，我们优选蔗糖、木糖醇。 As a seasoning with sugar may be sucrose, fructose, lactose, xylitol, taking into account the readily available and inexpensive materials other special effect such as diabetes and so on, we prefer sucrose, xylitol.   [0012] 优选调味料还包括有琥珀酸、苹果酸等。 [0012] Preferably seasonings also include succinic acid, malic acid and the like. 它们与干品马齿苋/海苔的重量比分别为：干品马齿苋/海苔：琥珀酸=1 ： 0.0002，干品马齿苋/海苔：苹果酸=1 ： 0.0005。 Weight they purslane dry goods / seaweed ratios were: purslane dry goods / Seaweed: acid = 1: 0.0002, purslane dry goods / Seaweed: malic acid = 1: 0.0005.  [0013] 冻干马齿苋的制备方法包括以下步骤： Preparation [0013] Lyophilized purslane comprises the steps of:  [0014] (1)原料挑拣：将压伤、老、发黑等影响色泽、口感等的部分马齿苋去掉； [0014] (1) raw material pick: The bruised, old, black, etc. affect the color, taste and other parts of purslane removed;  [0015] (2)清洗消毒：用清水冲洗干净或放入的盐酸溶液中消毒后用，清水冲洗干净； [0015] (2) cleansing and disinfection: rinse with water after hydrochloric acid solution into a clean or sterilized using, rinse with water;  [0016] (3)浙水、速冻：浙水后的马齿苋置于容器中放入低温速冻库中速冻一定时间； [0016] (3) Zhejiang water, frozen: Zhejiang purslane after water in a container placed in the library Freezing Frozen certain period of time;  [0017] (4)真空冷冻干燥：将速冻后的马齿苋连同容器一起放入一定真空度的真空仓内干燥一段时间，使马齿苋的含水量低于一定值，即得冻干马齿苋。 [0017] (4) vacuum freeze-drying: after the purslane frozen together inside a container with a certain degree of vacuum in the vacuum chamber drying period of time, so that the water content of purslane below a certain value, that was freeze-dried horse Portulaca oleracea.  [0018] 一种马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备方法包括以下步骤： [0018] A purslane / green seaweed complex health food preparation method comprises the following steps:   [0019] (1)干品原料粉碎、混和：将冻干脱水后的马齿苋和食用干品海苔分别于室温下剪切粉碎，并于混和器中进行混勻； [0019] (1) dried raw material crushing, mixing: purslane and edible seaweed dry goods dehydrated lyophilized at room temperature shear were pulverized and mixed in the mixing vessel;  [0020] (2)调味：将均勻混合的调味料液均勻喷洒在干品原料上，并均勻拌合； [0020] (2) Seasoning: The uniformly mixed seasonings was uniformly sprayed on the dried material, and evenly mixing;  [0021] (3)成型：在模具内压制成片或在造粒机中造粒成型； [0021] (3) forming: in the mold pressed into tablets or granulated in a granulation molding;  [0022] (4)冷冻干燥：将成型的产品再进行冷冻干燥得成型干品，使干品的含水量低于3%，即得到本发明的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品。 [0022] (4) freeze-dried: The molded product was then freeze-dried molded dried to a moisture content of less than 3% dried, to obtain the present invention purslane / seaweed composite green health food.  [0023] 所述的低温速冻库的温度为-10°C〜-40°C，考虑速冻的效果和工业化可行性，我 [0023] The low temperature of the frozen bank of -10 ° C~-40 ° C, consider the effect of frozen and industrial feasibility, I  4们优选速冻库的温度为_20°C〜-30°C。 It preferred the quick-freezing temperature for 4 to _20 ° C~-30 ° C. 所述的速冻时间为4〜16小时，考虑速冻干燥的效果我们优选速冻时间为8〜12小时。 The frozen time of 4~16 hours, consider the effect of drying frozen frozen time we preferably 8~12 hours. 所述的真空干燥仓内的真空度控制在100〜150Pa， 考虑速冻的效果和工业化可行性，我们优选120〜130Pa。 The degree of vacuum within the vacuum drying warehouse control 100~150Pa, consider the effects and feasibility of industrialization frozen, we prefer 120~130Pa.   [0024] 所述冻干马齿苋的含水量控制在3%〜10%，综合考虑粉碎或贮存的需要及低成本、工业化可行性，我们优选含水量控制在5%〜6%。 [0024] The water content of the lyophilized purslane at 3% ~ 10%, considering the crushing or storage needs and low cost, the feasibility of industrialization, we prefer water content of 5% ~ 6%.  [0025] 所述马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的含水量控制在3%〜10%，综合考虑贮存的需要、口感松脆及低成本、工业化可行性，我们优选含水量控制在3%〜4%。 [0025] The purslane / green seaweed complex health food moisture control in 3% ~ 10%, considering the storage needs, crisp taste and cost, the feasibility of industrialization, we prefer water content of 3% ~ 4%.  [0026] 本发明相比现有技术具有如下优点： [0026] The present invention has the following advantages over the prior art:  [0027] 1、本发明采用真空冻干技术脱去鲜马齿苋中的水分，保持马齿苋原营养成份不变，而且重量轻，只需避光防潮包装便可长时间存放，不受季节、地域限制，解决了马齿苋的常年供应的问题。 [0027] 1, the present invention is the use of vacuum freeze-drying technology in the water off of fresh purslane, purslane keeping unchanged the original nutrients, and light weight, just dark moisture-proof packaging can be stored for a long time, not season, geographical restrictions, to solve the problem purslane perennial supply. [0028] 2、采用本发明制得的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品除具有马齿苋原有的营养成分和颜色外，更增加了海苔的特殊味道，可直接食用，口感香脆、增加食欲。 [0028] 2, obtained by the present invention purslane / seaweed green health food in addition to a compound purslane original nutrients and color, but also adds a special flavor of seaweed, can be eaten directly, crisp taste, increased appetite.   [0029] 3、采用本发明制得的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品非油炸即能达到酥、松、脆、 入口即化，具天然口感风味，是一种实用的、即开即食休闲旅游绿色保健食品。 [0029] 3, the present invention is prepared purslane / green seaweed complex health food that can achieve non-fried crisp, pine, crisp, entrance, with natural taste flavor, is a practical, which means instant leisure travel green health food.  [0030] 4、本发明产品的制备方法工艺简单、投资少，适于工厂化生产。 [0030] 4. The preparation method of the present invention, the product is simple, low investment, suitable for industrial production.  [0031] 5、本发明的产品并可使海苔和马齿苋升值，使资源充分利用。 [0031] 5, the product of the present invention allows the seaweed and purslane and appreciation make full use of resources.  具体实施方式 detailed description  [0032]实施例 1 (Al) [0032] Example 1 (Al)  [0033] 冻干马齿苋的的制备 Preparation [0033] lyophilization of purslane  [0034] (1)原料挑拣：拣取完好无压伤、嫩、不发黑的马齿苋300g ； [0034] (1) raw material pick: Picking intact without bruised, tender, not black purslane 300g;  [0035] (2)清洗消毒：用清水冲洗干净，放入的盐酸溶液中消毒后用，清水冲洗干净； [0035] (2) cleansing and disinfection: rinse with water, hydrochloric acid solution was placed in disinfection, rinse with water;  [0036] (3)浙水、速冻：将洗净的马齿苋外表的自由水先洒后阴干，浙水后的马齿苋置于容器中放入冰箱中速冻12小时； [0036] (3) Zhejiang water, frozen: Wash the purslane appearance of free water to sprinkle dried, purslane Zhejiang after water in a container in the refrigerator frozen 12 hours;  [0037] (4)真空冷冻干燥：将速冻后的马齿苋连同容器一起放入真空度控制在120Pa的冷冻干燥机中干燥 [0037] (4) vacuum freeze-drying: after the purslane frozen together into a container along with control and dried in vacuum degree 120Pa freeze dryer  [0038] 至马齿苋含水量达6%，即得冻干马齿苋。 [0038] to purslane water content of 6%, that was freeze-dried purslane.  [0039]实施例 2 (A2) [0039] Example 2 (A2)  [0040] 冻干马齿苋的的制备 Preparation [0040] lyophilization of purslane  [0041] (1)原料挑拣：拣取完好无压伤、嫩、不发黑的马齿苋300g ； [0041] (1) raw material pick: Picking intact without bruised, tender, not black purslane 300g;  [0042] (2)清洗消毒：用清水冲洗干净，放入的盐酸溶液中消毒后用，清水冲洗干净； [0042] (2) cleansing and disinfection: rinse with water, hydrochloric acid solution was placed in disinfection, rinse with water;  [0043] (3)浙水、速冻：将洗净的马齿苋外表的自由水先洒后阴干，浙水后的马齿苋置于容器中放入冰箱中速冻8小时； [0043] (3) Zhejiang water, frozen: Wash the purslane appearance of free water to sprinkle dried, purslane Zhejiang after water in a container in the refrigerator frozen eight hours;  [0044] (4)真空冷冻干燥：将速冻后的马齿苋连同容器一起放入真空度控制在IOOPa的冷冻干燥机中干燥 [0044] (4) vacuum freeze-drying: purslane frozen together after the vessel was placed in a vacuum degree control in IOOPa freeze drying machine  [0045] 至马齿苋含水量达4%，即得冻干马齿苋。 [0045] to purslane water content of 4%, that was freeze-dried purslane.  [0046]实施例 3 (A3) [0046] Example 3 (A3)  [0047] 马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备[0048] (1)干品原料粉碎、混和：取冻干马齿苋5g、食用干品海苔Ig分别于室温下剪切粉碎，并于混和器中进行混勻； [0047] purslane / Preparation Composite seaweed green health food [0048] (1) dried product was pulverized, mixed: Take lyophilized purslane 5g, eating dried seaweed Ig, respectively, at room temperature shear pulverization, and in mixer mixing is carried out;   [0049] (2)调味：取食用盐0. 6g、白糖1. 2g、味精0. 3g置于50ml烧杯中，加入8ml水使其充分溶解、混合均勻，然后将所制得的调味料液均勻喷洒在干品原料上，并均勻拌合； [0049] (2) seasonings: salt feeding 0. 6g, sugar 1. 2g, MSG 0. 3g placed 50ml beaker, add 8ml water to fully dissolve, mixed, and then the obtained liquid seasoning uniformly sprayed on the dried material, and evenly mixing;  [0050] (3)成型：在φ = 15mm的圆形模具内压制成厚度为0. 5-lmm的薄片； [0050] (3) Molding: within φ = 15mm round mold pressed to a thickness of 0. 5-lmm sheet;  [0051] (4)冷冻干燥：将成型的产品再进行冷冻干燥得成型干品，使干品的含水量低于3%，即得到本发明的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品。 [0051] (4) freeze-dried: The molded product was then freeze-dried molded dried to a moisture content of less than 3% dried, to obtain the present invention purslane / seaweed composite green health food.  [0052]实施例 4 (A4) [0052] Example 4 (A4)  [0053] 马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品的制备 Preparation [0053] purslane / green seaweed complex health food  [0054] (1)干品原料粉碎、混和：取冻干马齿苋3g、食用干品海苔3g分别于室温下剪切粉碎，并于混和器中进行混勻； [0054] (1) dried product was pulverized, mixed: Take lyophilized purslane 3g, 3g edible seaweed dried at room temperature shear were pulverized and mixed in the mixing vessel;  [0055] (2)调味：取食用盐0. 9g、白糖0. 6g、味精0. 4g置于50ml烧杯中，加入8ml水使其充分溶解、混合均勻，然后将所制得的调味料液均勻喷洒在干品原料上，并均勻拌合； [0055] (2) seasonings: salt feeding 0. 9g, sugar 0. 6g, MSG 0. 4g placed 50ml beaker, add 8ml water to fully dissolve, mixed, and then the obtained liquid seasoning uniformly sprayed on the dried material, and evenly mixing;   [0056] (3)成型：在φ = 15mm的圆形模具内压制成厚度为0. 5-lmm的薄片； [0056] (3) Molding: within φ = 15mm round mold pressed to a thickness of 0. 5-lmm sheet;  [0057] (4)冷冻干燥：将成型的产品再进行冷冻干燥得成型干品，使干品的含水量低于3%，即得到本发明的马齿苋/海苔复合绿色保健食品。 [0057] (4) freeze-dried: The molded product was then freeze-dried molded dried to a moisture content of less than 3% dried, to obtain the present invention purslane / seaweed composite green health food.  [0058]对比例 I(Dl) [0058] Comparative Example I (Dl)  [0059] 以专利：马齿苋干品的生产方法94111456. 2为基础，制备烘干马齿苋 [0059] In Patent: purslane dry goods production methods 94,111,456.2 basis for preparing drying purslane  [0060] (1)原料挑拣：拣取完好无压伤、老、发黑的马齿苋300g ； [0060] (1) raw material pick: Picking intact without crushing, old, black purslane 300g;  [0061] (2)清洗消毒：用清水冲洗干净，放入的盐酸溶液中消毒后用，清水冲洗干净； [0061] (2) cleansing and disinfection: rinse with water, hydrochloric acid solution was placed in disinfection, rinse with water;  [0062] (3)浙水：将洗净的马齿苋外表的自由水先洒后阴干； [0062] (3) Zhejiang water: After washed purslane appearance of free water to sprinkle dried;  [0063] (4)烘干干燥：将表面水阴干的马齿苋摊开于温度已设定为75°C的鼓风干燥箱内，烘干至脱水约八成，然后于烘干温度在50°C下，烘干至马齿苋含水量达6%，即得烘干马齿苋。 [0063] (4) Drying Drying: surface water, dried at a temperature of purslane spread has been set to 75 ° C within a drying oven, drying to about eighty percent dehydration, and then dried at a temperature of 50 ° C, the water content of dried purslane to 6%, that was drying purslane.  [0064] 实施例5 [0064] Example 5  [0065] 对比验证实验： [0065] Comparative validation experiments:   [0066] 本发明所提供的方法，最显著的特点是相对于烘干马齿苋，冻干马齿苋的营养成份流失很少或原营养成份不变，且干品的表观性状好；这些特点是通过以下对比试验可以充分体现。 [0066] The present invention provides a method, the most notable feature is the relative drying purslane, purslane lyophilized loss of nutrients with little or original nutrients intact, and dried apparent good traits; these characteristics are the following comparison test can be fully realized.  [0067] 文献“马齿苋的化学成分和药理活性研究进展”（朱晓宦，吴向阳，仰榴青，茆广华， 范群艳，马齿苋的化学成分和药理活性研究进展，常熟理工学院学报（自然科学版），2007 年4月，Vol. 21 No.4，P60-64。)详细报道了马齿苋的化学成分。 [0067] Document "purslane chemical constituents and pharmacological activities of Progress" (Zhu Huan, Wu Xiangyang, Yang Liu Qing, study on chemical constituents and pharmacological activities of Mao Kwong Wah, Yan Qun, purslane, Changshu Institute of Technology (Natural Science), April 2007, Vol. 21 No.4, P60-64.) reported in detail the chemical composition of purslane. 我们综合考虑了其各化学成分的物理、化学性质，并结合烘干和冻干制干品工艺方法上的差异性可能对马齿苋化学成分造成的影响，以马齿苋的总黄酮、儿茶酚胺类的去甲基肾上腺素（NA)和多巴胺（DA)、 维生素中的维生素C作为含测指标，对烘干和冻干的马齿苋干品进行以下对比含测实验。 We took into account their physical and chemical properties of each chemical composition, combined with the impact of differences in drying and freeze-drying process for the manufacture of dry goods may be caused by the chemical composition of purslane, portulaca total flavone of catecholamines class noradrenaline (NA) and dopamine (DA), vitamin containing vitamin C as measurable indicators for drying and freeze-dried purslane dry goods containing the following comparative test experiments.   [0068] 一、以上各活性成分的含量检测方法 [0068] First, the above method of detecting the content of each active ingredient  [0069] (1)干品马齿苋中总黄酮的含量检测方法 [0069] (1) content detection of total flavonoids in purslane dry goods  [0070] 参考文献（娜吾热克孜·亚库甫，吾麦尔江·艾麦提，维药马齿苋茎叶、种子中黄酮与微量元素含量分析，中国民族医药杂志，2008年3月第3期，P63-64。)的检测方法。 [0070] Reference (Na I just heat Kezi · subpool, I Maier Jiang Yi Maiti, Victoria drug purslane stems, seeds Flavone and Trace Element Analysis, Pharmacy of Chinese Minorities, 2008 the first three months, P63-64.) detection method. [0071] ①检测仪器与试剂： [0071] ① testing instruments and reagents:  [0072] 仪器：TU-1800SPC紫外可见分光光度计。 [0072] Instrument: TU-1800SPC UV-Vis spectrophotometer.  [0073] 试剂：70%乙醇、芦丁、氯化铝、亚硝酸钠、氢氧化钠。 [0073] Reagents: 70% ethanol, rutin, aluminum chloride, sodium nitrite, sodium hydroxide.  [0074] ②方法： [0074] ② Method:  [0075] 标准样品溶液：取30mg芦丁对照品置于100ml容量瓶中，以70%乙醇溶解并稀释至刻度，摇勻，配成0. 3mg/ml标准溶液。 [0075] Standard sample solution: Take 30mg rutin into 100ml volumetric flask, 70% ethanol dissolved and diluted to the mark, shake, dubbed 0. 3mg / ml standard solution.  [0076] 马齿苋供试品溶液：取干品马齿苋于研体中研细，分别准确称取l.OOg，分别用40ml 70%无水乙醇浸泡48小时，过滤，把滤液移入100ml容量瓶中，用70%乙醇稀释至刻度。 [0076] purslane test solution: Take purslane dry goods in a mortar in small study, accurately weighed were taken l.OOg, respectively 40ml 70% ethanol for 48 hours, filtered, and the filtrate was transferred to a 100ml capacity bottle with 70% ethanol diluted to the mark.   [0077] 测试条件：乙醇为溶剂，NaN02，A1(N03)3，NaOH为显色剂，芦丁为对照品，测定波长为510nmo [0077] Test conditions: ethanol as solvent, NaN02, A1 (N03) 3, NaOH as chromogenic reagent, rutin as reference, measured wavelength 510nmo  [0078] (2)干品马齿苋中维生素C的含量检测方法 Content detection method [0078] (2) purslane dry goods Vitamin C  [0079] 参考文献（张秀梅，杜丽清等，高效液相色谱法测定菠萝果实维生素C含量，福建果树，2007年01期，P20-22。)的检测方法。 [0079] References (Xiumei, Du Liqing, etc. HPLC pineapple fruit vitamin C content of fruit trees in Fujian, 2007 01, P20-22.) Detection method.  [0080] ①检测仪器与试剂： [0080] ① testing instruments and reagents:  [0081] 仪器：岛津LC-10AVP，配有SPD-10AVP紫外检测器、色谱柱为Kromasil C18柱(250mm X 4. 6mm, 5 li m)。 [0081] Apparatus: Shimadzu LC-10AVP, equipped with a UV detector SPD-10AVP column was Kromasil C18 column (250mm X 4. 6mm, 5 li m).  [0082] 试剂：维生素C对照品、偏磷酸（国产分析纯)。 [0082] Reagents: Vitamin C reference, metaphosphoric acid (analytical grade).  [0083] ②方法： [0083] ② Method:  [0084] 标准样品溶液：以0. 2%偏磷酸水溶液配制浓度为25ug/mL维生素C标准样品溶液。 [0084] Standard sample solution: to 0.2% aqueous phosphoric acid partial formulated at a concentration of 25ug / mL vitamin C standard sample solution.   [0085] 马齿苋供试品溶液：迅速称取l.Og左右的干品马齿苋样品，用刀切碎，于加有少量石英砂的研钵内，加入5ml 0. 2%偏磷酸冰浴研磨后，定容转移至100mL的容量瓶中，用0. 2%偏磷酸稀释至刻度后，5°C下超声提15分钟，取10mL上清液在20000g、5°C下离心15 分钟。 [0085] purslane test solution: purslane dry goods quickly said samples taken l.Og around, chopped with a knife, in addition there is a small amount of quartz sand mortar, add 5ml 0. 2% metaphosphoric acid the ice bath after grinding, constant volume transferred to 100mL volumetric flask, dilute to the mark with 0.2% metaphosphoric acid after, 5 ° C under ultrasound mention 15 minutes, the supernatant was 10mL 20000g, 5 ° C centrifuged 15 minute. 上清液稀释至5-25ii g/mL，超滤(0. 45um，下同)后进样。 The supernatant was diluted to 5-25ii g / mL, ultrafiltration (0. 45um, the same below) backward like.  [0086] 测试条件：流动相为0. 2%偏磷酸水溶液；流速lmL • min-l，柱温35°C，进样量10. Oil L，检测波长240nm。 [0086] Test conditions: mobile phase was 0.2% aqueous solution of metaphosphoric acid; flow rate lmL • min-l, column temperature 35 ° C, injection volume 10. Oil L, detection wavelength 240nm.  [0087] (3)干品马齿苋中儿茶酚胺类的去甲基肾上腺素（NA)和多巴胺（DA)含量检测方法参考文献（姜廷福，师彦平，欧庆瑜，马齿苋中儿茶酚胺类活性组分的毛细管区带电泳分离分析研究，西北地区第三届色谱学术报告会暨甘肃省第八届色谱年会论文集[C]，2004 年，P39-45。)的检测方法。 [0087] (3) dry goods purslane catecholamines noradrenaline (NA) and dopamine (DA) content detection method references (Jiangting Fu, Shi Yanping, Europe Qingyu, purslane active catecholamines detection points capillary zone electrophoresis analysis, Northwest third chromatography symposium cum Gansu Province eighth symposium chromatography [C], 2004 years, P39-45.) the.  [0088] ①检测仪器与试剂： [0088] ① testing instruments and reagents:   [0089] 仪器：HP1100型电泳仪；石英毛细管柱：35cmX50iim id，有效长度为30cm ； KQ-250E超声波发生器。 [0089] Instrument: HP1100 type electrophoresis; capillary column: 35cmX50iim id, effective length of 30cm; KQ-250E ultrasonic generator.  [0090] 试剂：去甲基肾上腺素（NA)对照品、多巴胺（DA)对照品、三羟甲基氨基甲烷(Tris)、磷酸、甲醇。 [0090] Reagents: noradrenaline (NA) reference, dopamine (DA) reference, Tris (Tris), phosphoric acid, methanol.  [0091] ②方法： [0091] ② Method:  [0092] 测试样品NA和DA的分离介质：含水量15%甲醇的、pH为2的40mM Tris_H3P04缓冲体系。 [0092] NA and DA of the test sample separation medium: water content of 15% methanol, pH buffer system of 40mM Tris_H3P04 2.  7[0093] 标准样品溶液：分别称取苯丙素苷标准样品2. OX 10_3g，溶于1. OmL去离子水中， 再分别各取少许稀释成不同浓度的标准溶液，4°C下避光保存待用。 7 [0093] Standard Sample solution: Weigh phenylpropanoid glycosides standard sample 2. OX 10_3g, 1. OmL dissolved in deionized water, and then were diluted into a little from each of the standard solutions of different concentrations, 4 ° C the dark save for later use.  [0094] 马齿苋供试品溶液：将干品马齿苋粉碎，并准确称取各1. 00g，分别溶于25mL去离子水中。 [0094] purslane test solution: the smash purslane dry goods, accurately weighed and each 1. 00g, respectively, were dissolved in 25mL of deionized water. 5°C下超声提取2h，用0. 45 ym的滤膜过滤后直接进样进行CE分析。 5 ° C under ultrasonic extraction 2h, directly after use 0. 45 ym membrane filter into the analysis of samples CE.  [0095] 测试条件：工作电压：15kV ；紫外检测波长：214nm ；进样方式：压力进样54. 9kPa ； [0095] Test Conditions: Operating voltage: 15kV; detection wavelength: 214nm; injection: Pressure injection 54. 9kPa;  [0096] 操作温度：25°C。 [0096] Operating Temperature: 25 ° C.   [0097] 二、以上各活性成分的含量检测实验结果列如下表1。 [0097] Second, the content of the above experimental detection of active ingredient The results are shown in Table 1 below.  [0098] 表1马齿苋干品中总黄酮、维生素C、NA、DA的含量 [0098] Table 1 purslane dry goods in total flavonoids, vitamin C, NA, DA content  被测成分 样品含量 冻干马齿苋A1 烘干马齿苋D1总黄酮 6.16% 5. 53%维生素c 0. 28% 0.23%NA 0.052% 0. 044%DA 0. 173% 0.161% Ingredient content of the sample tested lyophilized dry purslane purslane A1 D1 total flavonoids 6.16% 5.53% vitamin c 0. 28% 0.23% NA 0.052% 0. 044% DA 0. 173% 0.161%  [0100] 结论：相对于冻干马齿苋，烘干马齿苋的活性营养成份有流失，且冻干马齿苋的表观性状好。 [0100] Conclusion: Compared to active nutrients lyophilized purslane, purslane drying to have a loss, and good lyophilized purslane apparent trait.  8 8","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN101828593A/en"}
{"Title":"Diatotherapeutic flour for treating diabetes and its production process","Abstract":"Abstract  The present invention relates to dietary flour for diabetes and its preparing method. It is made from 18 kinds of raw material including dried hawthorn, pussley, dandelion, corn sligma, carrot, gingoleaf, gynostemma pentaphylla, celexy, astragalus root, safflower, licorice, dry ginger, sorghum, soybean, standard wheat flour, peanut kernel, blade rich and others. The invented product possesses the functions of regulating human body sugar metabolism, raising sugar tolerance, promoting regeneration of insulin cell, improving blood circulation, lowering blood viscosity etc.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉及其制备方法 Flour therapeutic treatment of diabetes and its preparation method  本发明涉及一种用于糖尿病患者的食疗面粉及其制备方法。 The present invention relates to a therapeutic method for the preparation of flour and diabetes.   目前技术中，荞麦面粉是糖尿病人的首选食品，虽含糖量较低，但营养、口味都较差，且对人体糖代谢的调节效果不好。 Currently technique, buckwheat flour is the food of choice for people with diabetes, although a lower sugar content, but the nutrition and taste are poor, and the regulation of glucose metabolism in the human body is not effective. 另有发明名称为：制做糖尿病患者食品的面粉及制备方法(专利号：94110644.6；审定公告号：1040171；专利权人：杨波)的发明专利，它的原料为茯苓、桑椹子、青豆、芡实、山药、红小豆、生山楂、薏苡仁、糯米、霜桑叶、莲子、玉米、枸杞子、小麦、龙眼肉及豆类。 Another name for the invention: making flour and diabetic food preparation method (patent number: 94110644.6; validation Announcement No: 1040171; Patentee: Bo) patents, its raw materials Poria, mulberry, green beans, Gorgon , yams, red beans, hawthorn, Coix seed, rice, cream mulberry leaves, lotus seeds, corn, wolfberry fruit, wheat, beans and longan. 以上原料经煎煮、过滤、干燥等工序处理后便得到该含中药成份的糖尿病患者食疗面粉。 More raw materials boiling, filtration, drying and other processes to obtain after the diabetes herbal medicine ingredient diet flour. 该面粉对系统调节糖代谢、提高耐糖量及刺激胰岛素的释放，有一定疗效，但它主要针对中、轻度患者，对重度患者基本上起不到作用。 The flour system regulation of glucose metabolism, improve glucose tolerance and stimulate the release of insulin, have a certain effect, but it is mainly targeted at patients with mild, moderate and severe patients to essentially no effect. 对于糖尿病合并高血压、高血脂症及心脑血管疾病疗效较差。 For diabetic patients with hypertension, hyperlipidemia and poor cardiovascular disease effect.   本发明的目的是提供一种有效的调节糖代谢刺激胰岛素分泌、降血压、降血脂、防治心脑血管意外，适于糖尿病患者食用的面粉。 Object of the present invention is to provide an effective regulation of glucose metabolism stimulated insulin secretion, lowering blood pressure, blood fat, prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular accident, flour suitable for diabetics.  本发明的另一个目的是提供一种制备治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉的制备方法。 Another object of the present invention to provide a method for treating diabetes therapeutic flour prepared.  本发明的治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉由下列原料制成(重量份)：山楂干  0.05～0.1        马齿苋  0.08～0.15蒲公英  0.08～0.15       玉米须  0.03～0.06胡罗卜  0.08～0.16       银杏叶  0.12～0.18绞故蓝  0.08～0.16       芹  菜  0.07～0.15荠  菜  0.05～0.1        黄  芪  0.02～0.08红  花  0.01～0.03       甘  草  0.01～0.03干  姜  0.01～0.03       高  粱  0.12～0.18标准粉  0.7～0.8         大  豆  0.12～0.18花生仁  0.05～0.1        黑  米  0.2～0.3用于制备该治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉的方法如下： Treatment of diabetic diet flour of the present invention consists of the following raw materials (by weight): 0.05 to 0.1 Hawthorn dry purslane 0.08 to 0.15 0.08 to 0.15 Dandelion Corn carrot 0.03 to 0.06 0.08 to 0.16 0.12 to 0.18 Ginkgo biloba twist therefore, celery blue 0.08 0.16 0.07 0.15 0.1 0.05 shepherd's purse Astragalus safflower 0.02 to 0.08 0.01 to 0.03 0.01 to 0.03 licorice ginger sorghum 0.01 to 0.03 0.12 to 0.18 0.7 to 0.8 standard powder soybean 0.12 to 0.18 0.05 to 0.1 black peanuts 0.2 to 0.3 meter method for the preparation of the treatment of diabetic diet flour as follows:   将上述原料中的黄芪、甘草、红花、绞故蓝按重量份称取，加入670度热水2500ml浸泡一小时，然后煎煮半小时，经过滤后取药液浓缩成膏状，烘干备用。 The raw materials are the astragalus, licorice, saffron, blue twist it weighed in parts by weight was added 670 degree hot water 2500ml soak for one hour, then boiling for half an hour after taking the filtered liquid was concentrated into a paste, dried spare.  将原料中马齿苋、蒲公英、玉米须、银杏叶、荠菜按重量份称取，去除杂质洗净，放入沸水中烫5分钟，取出烘干或晒干。 The raw purslane, dandelion, corn silk, ginkgo biloba, shepherd's purse in parts by weight weighed remove impurities washed into the hot boiling water for 5 minutes, remove dried or dried.  将上述原料中胡罗卜、芹菜、洗净去杂质切条烘干或晒干。 The raw materials are the carrot, celery, washed and cut into strips impurities dried or dried.  将上述三步骤所得混合，加山楂干、干姜干炒5分钟，之后将其粉碎备用。 The above three steps resulting mixture, add dry hawthorn, ginger fried rice noodles for 5 minutes, after which pulverized spare.  将高粱、大豆、黑米、花生仁去杂质过筛，之后将其粉碎备用。 Sorghum, soybeans, black rice, peanuts impurities sieved, after which pulverized spare.  将粉碎备用的两样细粉与标准粉混合搅拌均匀即成。 The pulverized powder and alternate different standard powder mixing evenly Serve.   原料中粮食、药食两用植物、生药的药性及其药理功效：粮食指大豆、高粱、标准粉、花生仁、黑米。 Raw materials for food, medicinal and edible plants, crude drugs and herbal pharmacological effects: finger food soybeans, sorghum, standard flour, peanuts, black rice. 药食两用植物指马齿苋、银杏叶、山楂干、玉米须、胡罗卜、芹菜、荠菜、于姜、蒲公英。 Edible plants which purslane, leaves, dried hawthorn, corn, carrots, celery, shepherd's purse, in ginger, dandelion. 生药指黄芪、甘草、红花、绞故蓝。 Health and medicine refers astragalus, licorice, saffron, twist it blue.  高粱、黑米：味甘性温、含有多种维生素、矿物质、植物蛋白质等有降血脂和健脾肾滋阴补气血功用。 Sorghum, black rice: sweet and warm, it contains vitamins, minerals, vegetable protein and other lipid-lowering spleen and kidney yin qi and blood function.  标准粉：味甘性平、含丰富的糖、植物蛋白、矿物质、人体必须氨基酸。 Standard powder: sweet nature, rich in sugar, vegetable protein, minerals, essential amino acids the human body. 作用：健脾和胃、补土培元、补充人体能量。 Role: spleen and stomach, fill soil Pei-Yuan, supplement the body energy.  大豆、花生仁：味甘、性温含谷维素和阿魏酸混合物、黄豆酶。 Soybeans, peanuts: sweet, warm mixture containing oryzanol and ferulic acid, soybean enzyme. 作用：生津清瘀，健脾宽中，有降血脂降血糖促进胰岛细胞功能恢复。 Role: clear fluid stasis, spleen width, lipid-lowering hypoglycemic islet cells promote functional recovery.  山楂：味酸甘，性温，含坏血酸、生物活性物质，有消食导滞，生津行瘀、降血压、降血脂作用。 Hawthorn: Pickle Gan, warm, containing ascorbic acid, biologically active substances, digestion dredge, fluid stasis, lowering blood pressure, lipid-lowering effect.   芹菜：味甘性凉，含丰富植物纤维素、生物活性素，有健脾导滞，清肝明目，降血压、降血脂、降血糖作用。 Celery: sweet and cool, rich in plant cellulose, biologically active elements, spleen dredge, Liver eyesight, blood pressure, blood fat, lowering blood sugar.  银杏叶、绞故蓝：味微苦，性凉，含黄酮甙，有降血压、降血脂、扩张冠脉、改善心脑缺血、活血化瘀，理气止痛之功。 Ginkgo biloba, twist it blue: slightly bitter taste, cool, containing glycosides, have lower blood pressure, blood fat, expansion of coronary artery, improve heart and brain ischemia, blood circulation, qi analgesic power.  黄芪：味甘、性温、含黄芪甙和生物碱，有降血压、降血脂、降低血液粘稠度，改善冠脉供血，增强机体免疫力，益气养元，托正去邪，养心通脉，健脾利湿之用。 Astragalus: sweet, warm, Astragalus glycosides and alkaloids, have lower blood pressure, blood fat, lower blood viscosity, improve coronary blood supply, enhance immunity, Qi Yang Yuan, care being to evil, Yang Xin Tongmai, spleen dampness purposes.  红花：味辛、微苦、性温，含红花酮、有降血压、降血脂扩张冠脉，降低血液粘粘度，活血通络，化瘀止痛。 Safflower: Pungent, slightly bitter, warm, saffron-containing ketones, lower blood pressure, blood fat expanding coronary artery, reducing blood sticky degree Huoxuetongluo, blood pain.  荠菜：味甘、性凉、含植物蛋白生物素，有降血压、降血脂、降血糖，清肝明目，健脾益肾之用。 Shepherd's purse: sweet, cool, with vegetable protein biotin, lower blood pressure, blood fat, lowering blood sugar, Liver eyesight, spleen and kidney purposes.  胡罗卜：味甘性平，含胡罗卜素、植物蛋白，有降血脂，增强机体免疫力，健脾和胃补益气血作用。 Carrot: sweet nature, Hanhu carotene, vegetable protein, blood fat, enhance immunity, spleen and stomach qi and blood tonic effect.   马齿苋：味甘性平，含植物纤维素、植物蛋白，有降血脂、降血糖、清热解毒、健牌利湿作用。 Purslane: sweet nature, containing plant cellulose, vegetable protein, lipid-lowering, lowering blood sugar, detoxification, Kent dampness role.  干姜：味辛、性温、含姜油酮，有降血脂、降血压、防止血栓形成、抗心肌梗塞有特殊疗效，持久稳定，活血化瘀，健脾降湿。 Ginger: spicy, warm, containing ginger oil ketones, blood fat, lowering blood pressure, prevent thrombosis, anti-myocardial infarction with special effects, long-lasting stability, blood circulation, spleen and lower humidity.  甘草：味甘、性凉、含甘草酮，有降血脂、降血压，调和诸药，清热解毒作用。 Licorice: Sweet, cool, licorice-containing ketones, blood fat, blood pressure, reconcile the various drugs, detoxification effect.  本治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉可用于制作患者长期服用的煎饼、面条、方便面、饼干等食品，它能有效的调节人体糖化谢，提高糖耐量，促进胰岛素细胞再生和恢复功能，改善血液循环，降低血液粘度，防止心脑血管意外发生，对重型II型糖尿病结合药物治疗，有十分明显的效果，而且成本较低。 The treatment of diabetes diet flour is used to make long-term administration of pancakes, noodles, instant noodles, biscuits and other food, it can effectively regulate body saccharification Xie, improve glucose tolerance, insulin promote cell regeneration and restore function, improve blood circulation, lower blood viscosity, to prevent cardiovascular and cerebrovascular accident, combined with severe type II diabetes drug treatment, there are very significant results, and lower costs.   临床对比实验针对II型糖尿病人分两组进行。 Clinical comparison experiments for type II diabetes were divided into two groups. 其中治疗组116人，II型糖尿病伴高血压、高血脂症男50人，女66人，平均年龄59.8±8.6岁，平均病程9.6±5.8年。 Treatment group of 116 people with type II diabetes and hypertension, hyperlipidemia, male 50, female 66, mean age 59.8 ± 8.6 years, mean duration of 9.6 ± 5. 8 years. 对照组118人，II型糖尿病伴高血压、高血脂症，其中男56人，女62人，平均年龄59.7±8.5岁，平均病程9.5±5.9年。 The control group of 118 people with type II diabetes and hypertension, hyperlipidemia, male 56, female 62, mean age 59.7 ± 8.5 years, mean duration of 9.5 ± 5. 9 years. 两组年龄、病程、血糖、血压、血脂P＞0.05。 Two groups of age, disease duration, blood glucose, blood pressure, blood lipids P> 0.05. 治疗组采用常规治疗即二甲双胍或消渴丸、卡托普利支持疗法，加食本发明的中药食疗，食疗为早餐100g，中餐200g，晚餐100g，2周为一疗程。 The treatment group received conventional treatment metformin or Xiao Ke Wan, captopril supportive therapy, herbal diet plus food of the present invention, a therapeutic for the breakfast 100g, lunch 200g, dinner 100g, 2 weeks for a course of treatment. 对照组采用常规治疗加普通食疗。 The control group with conventional therapy plus regular diet. 临床观察砚目包括： Clinical Yan entry includes:  血糖：空腹BS和餐后2hBS。 Glucose: fasting and postprandial BS 2hBS.  血压：按WHO规定，测坐位右臂肱动脉血压，连续测定三次取平均值，并作纪录填卡。 Blood Pressure: According to WHO regulations, sitting right arm brachial blood pressure measurement, continuous measurement three times averaged, and for record fill cards.  血脂(空腹)：胆固醇(TC)、三酰甘油(TG)。 Lipids (fasting): cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG).   合并症：心绞痛发作次数(次/周)，常规治疗药物增减，中药食疗毒副作用，心、脑血管意外发生情况。 Complications: angina attack frequency (times / week), changes in routine therapy, therapeutic medicine side effects, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular accident situation.  疗效判定：显效：空腹BS下降≥3.0mmol/L，餐后2hBS下降≥3.5mmol/L，TC下降≥1.5mmol/L，TC下降≥1.0mmol/L，血压DBP下降1.33kpa，SBP下降至正常或下降3.99kpa，心绞痛发作减少≥3次/周，常规药物减原始量≥50％。 Therapeutic efficacy: markedly: Fasting BS decline ≥3.0mmol / L, postprandial 2hBS decline ≥3.5mmol / L, TC decreased ≥1.5mmol / L, TC decreased ≥1.0mmol / L, blood pressure DBP decreased 1.33kpa, SBP decreased to normal or drop 3.99kpa, reduce angina ≥3 times / week, conventional drugs reduce the amount of raw ≥50%.  有效：空腹BS下降≥2.0mmol/L，餐后2hBS下降≥2.5mmol/L，TC下降≥1.0mmol/L，TC下降≥0.6mmol/Ｌ，血压DBP下降1.33～2.66kpa，SBP下降2.66kpa，心绞痛发作减少≥2次/周，常规药物减少原始量≥25％。 Effective: Fasting BS decline ≥2.0mmol / L, postprandial 2hBS decline ≥2.5mmol / L, TC decreased ≥1.0mmol / L, TC decreased ≥0.6mmol / L, blood pressure DBP decreased 1.33 ~ 2.66kpa, SBP decreased 2.66kpa, angina pectoris reduce ≥2 times / week, conventional drugs to reduce the amount of raw ≥25%.  两组治疗前后比较，治疗组两周显效P＜0.05，有显著差异，4周后显效P＜0.01，有非常显著差异。 Were compared before and after treatment, the treatment group two weeks markedly P <0.05, significant difference, after 4 weeks markedly P <0.01, there was a significant difference. 治疗组116例3月内未发生一例心肌梗塞和脑血管意外。 Treated one case of myocardial infarction and cerebral vascular accident did not occur within the 116 cases in March. 对照组118例在3月内发生心肌梗塞22例，脑血管意外14例，有显著性差异。 Control group, 118 cases of myocardial infarction, 22 cases occurred in March, cerebral vascular accident in 14 cases, there are significant differences.  下面结合实施例详述本发明。 The following detailed description with the embodiment of the present invention.   实施例1：治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉的原料料配比为：山楂干0.1kg、马齿苋0.15kg、蒲公英0.15kg、玉米须0.06kg、胡罗卜0.16kg、银杏仁0.18kg、绞故蓝0.16kg、芹菜0.15kg、荠菜0.1kg、黄芪0.05kg、红花0.03kg、甘草0.03kg、干姜0.03kg、高粱0.18kg、标准粉0.8kg、大豆0.18kg、花生仁0.1kg、黑米0.3kg。 Example 1: Treatment of diabetic diet flour ratio of raw material: dried hawthorn 0.1kg, purslane 0.15kg, dandelion 0.15kg, corn silk 0.06kg, carrot 0.16kg, ginkgo 0.18kg, twist it blue 0.16kg, celery 0.15kg, shepherd's purse 0.1kg, Astragalus 0.05kg, safflower 0.03kg, licorice 0.03kg, ginger 0.03kg, sorghum 0.18kg, standard powder 0.8kg, soy 0.18kg, peanuts 0.1kg, black rice 0.3 kg. 制作面粉原料其生药占原料总量2.8％，药食两用植物占总量9.6％，粮食类占总量87.6％。 Production of flour raw material its crude drugs accounted for 2.8% of the total, accounting for medicinal and edible plants 9.6% of the total food category accounted for 87.6% of the total.  生药成份指黄芪、红花、绞故蓝、甘草，药食两用植物指：马齿苋、蒲公英、芹菜、胡萝卜、山楂干、玉米须、银杏叶、荠菜、干姜。 Refers to a crude drug ingredients Astragalus, safflower, twisted so blue, licorice, medicinal and edible plants means: purslane, dandelion, celery, carrots, dried hawthorn, corn, leaves, shepherd's purse, ginger. 粮食类指：高梁、大豆、花生仁、黑米、标准粉。 Food categories means: sorghum, soybeans, peanuts, black rice, the standard powder.  制备特色食疗面粉制备方法：①将上述原料黄芪、红花、绞故蓝加入60～70度热水2500ml，浸泡一小时，然后煎煮沸半小时，经过滤后取药液浓缩成膏状，烘干备用。 Featured therapeutic preparation flour Preparation: ① The above raw materials Astragalus, safflower, twisted so blue, 60 to 70 degrees water 2500ml, soak for one hour, then fry boil for half an hour after taking the liquid filtered and concentrated into a paste, baked dry spare.   ②将上述原料马齿苋、蒲公英、玉米须银杏叶、荠菜洗净去杂质放入沸水中烫5分钟，取出烘干或晒干。 The above raw materials ② purslane, dandelion, corn silk leaves, shepherd's purse washed impurities into the hot boiling water for 5 minutes, remove dried or dried.  ③将上述胡萝卜、芹菜先洗去杂质切细段，烘干或晒干。 ③ above carrots, chopped celery to wash away the impurities segment, drying or dried.  ④将①②③项混合加山楂干、干姜文火干炒5分钟，粉碎机粉碎成细粉。 ④ The ①②③ item mix plus dried hawthorn, ginger Fried slow fire for 5 minutes, mill crushed into fine powder.  ⑤将高梁、黑米、花生仁、大豆去杂质，文火炒5分钟，粉碎机粉碎成细粉。 ⑤ will sorghum, black rice, peanuts, soybeans impurities, slow fire fry for 5 minutes, mill crushed into fine powder.  ⑥将标准粉与④⑤步所得细粉混合搅拌均匀即为本发明所述面粉。 ⑥ The resulting standard fine powder and mixing evenly ④⑤ step of the present invention is the flour.  利用该面粉即可生产适宜病人长其食用的各种食品如面条、方便面、煎饼、饼干等。 With this flour to produce a suitable length of their patients to eat a variety of foods such as noodles, instant noodles, pancakes, biscuits and the like. 面条按面条生产工艺进行生产，此种面条味苦，口感好，方便面按方便面生产工艺生产，饼干、面包等加工时宜适量食用植物油，增加食品口感和观感。 Press noodle noodle production technology of production, such noodles bitter, taste good, instant noodles, instant noodles production technology press, biscuits, bread and other processed vegetable oil should be eaten in moderation, increasing food taste and perception.   实施例2制作治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉的原料配比：山楂干0.05kg  马齿苋0.08kg  蒲公英0.08kg  玉米须0.03kg  胡萝卜0.08kg  银杏叶0.12kg  绞故蓝0.08kg  芹菜0.07kg  荠菜0.05kg  黄芪0.02kg  红花0.1kg  甘草0.01kg  干姜0.01kg  高梁0.12kg  标准粉0.7kg大豆0.12kg  花生仁0.05kg  黑米0.2kg制作该食品的面粉原料其中生药成分：黄芪、甘草、红花、绞故蓝占原料总量1.2％，药食两用植物马齿苋、银杏叶玉米须、蒲公英、胡萝卜、芹菜、荠菜、干姜、山楂干占原料总料6.2％，粮食类成份：大豆、高梁、标准粉、花生仁、黑米占原料总量92.6％。 Ratio of raw materials prepared in Example 2 Treatment of diabetic diet flour: Hawthorn dry dandelion 0.08kg 0.08kg 0.05kg purslane Corn carrot 0.08kg 0.03kg 0.12kg twist so ginkgo biloba blue celery 0.07kg 0.08kg 0.05kg Astragalus 0.02 shepherd's purse kg safflower 0.1kg licorice ginger 0.01kg 0.01kg 0.12kg standard powder 0.7kg sorghum soybean peanut 0.05kg 0.12kg 0.2kg black rice flour production of the food material in which the crude drug ingredients: Astragalus, licorice, saffron, twist it blue accounting for 1.2% of the total raw material, medicinal and edible plants purslane, ginkgo biloba corn silk, dandelion, carrots, celery, shepherd's purse, ginger, dried hawthorn accounting for 6.2% on raw materials, food ingredients categories: soybeans, sorghum, standard flour, peanuts, black rice accounted for 92.6% of total raw material.  制备该面粉的方法同实施例1。 The method of preparing the same as in Example 1 flour.   实施例3制作治疗糖尿病的食疗面粉的原料最佳配比：山楂干0.1kg  马齿苋0.12kg  蒲公英0.12kg  玉米须0.04kg  胡萝卜0.12kg  银杏叶0.15kg  绞故蓝0.12kg  芹菜0.12kg  荠菜0.08kg  黄芪0.03kg  红花0.02kg  甘草0.02kg  干姜0.02kg  高梁0.16kg  标准粉0.75kg  大豆0.16kg  花生仁0.08kg  黑米0.25kg制作该食品的面粉原料其中生药成分：黄芪、甘草、绞故蓝、红花占总重量(原料)1.8％，药食两用植物：马齿苋、银杏叶、山楂干、玉米须、胡萝卜、芹菜、荠菜、干姜、蒲公英占总重量9.6％，粮食类成份：大豆、高梁、标准粉、花生仁、黑米占88.6％。 Diet flour produced in Example 3 for treating diabetes implement best ratio of raw materials: Hawthorn dry dandelion 0.12kg 0.12kg 0.1kg purslane Corn carrot 0.12kg 0.04kg 0.15kg twist so ginkgo biloba blue celery 0.12kg 0.12kg 0.08kg shepherd's purse Astragalus safflower 0.02kg 0.03kg 0.02kg licorice ginger standard powder 0.75kg 0.16kg 0.02kg sorghum soybean peanut 0.08kg 0.16kg 0.25kg black rice flour production the raw food where raw drug ingredients: Astragalus, licorice, twisted so blue, safflower total weight (raw material) 1.8% edible plants: purslane, ginkgo biloba, hawthorn dry, corn, 9.6% by weight of carrots, celery, shepherd's purse, ginger, dandelion total, food ingredients categories: soybeans, sorghum, standard flour, peanuts, black rice accounted for 88.6%.  制备该面粉的方法同实施例1。 The method of preparing the same as in Example 1 flour.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN1348717A/en"}
{"Title":"Chinese herbal medicine additive for pig's feed","Abstract":"Abstract  The Chinese herbal medicine additive for pig feed is formed by adopting formula A including 12 Chinese medicinal materials of astragalus root, isatis root, medicated leaven, crataegus fruit, barley sprout, tangerine peel and others of formula B including 14 Chinese medicinal materials of astragalus root, codonopsis root, bonicera flower, forsythia fruit, scutellaria root and others. The addition of said additive in pig feed can raise immunity of growing pig, can make growing pig do not catch any infective diseases and can make growth speed of pig quick, and the pork, contains no residuum of antibiotics, hormone and other chemical component.","Description":"Description Translated from Chinese  猪用饲料的中草药添加剂 Pig feed additive of Chinese herbal medicine  技术领域 TECHNICAL FIELD  本发明涉及一种饲料，特别是饲料的添加剂。 The present invention relates to an animal feed, especially feed additive.  背景技术 Background technique  目前在猪的饲养过程中，为了促进猪的生长和抵御各种疾病，人们普遍在猪的饲料中加入抗菌素、有的还加有激素、β-兴奋剂、镇静剂等，这样做虽然对猪起到某种特殊作用，但它们在肉品中的残留却给人类带来极大危害。 Currently in the process of breeding pigs, in order to promote the growth of pigs and ward off various diseases, it is generally added to pig feed antibiotics, and some added hormone, β- stimulants, tranquilizers, although doing so for pig from to a special role, but they remain in the meat gave mankind bring great harm. 为此有人提出用传统的中草药来解决这个问题的方案，如在1996年10月23日发明专利公报上公开的(一种畜用中草药营养精)(申请号95111327.5)它的主要内容是：采用如下配方：贯仲、何首乌、陈皮、麦芽、山药、螺壳粉、新曲、山楂、当归、杜仲、枳壳、沙棘、茯苓和添加剂。 To this end it was suggested that the traditional Chinese herbal medicine to solve the problem of the program, (a kind of animal nutrition with fine herbs) as on October 23, 1996 Patent Publication disclosure (Application No. 95111327.5) Its main contents are: as follows recipe: Guan Zhong, fleece-flower root, orange peel, malt, yams, pink shells, new song, hawthorn, angelica, Eucommia, Citrus aurantium, sea buckthorn, Poria and additives. 它的主要作用是提高猪的免疫功能而且猪肉中无有害残留物。 Its main role is to improve the immune function of pigs and pork in no harmful residues.  发明内容 SUMMARY   本发明不仅能提高猪的免疫功能，使猪肉中无残留有害物，而且还可提高猪的生长速度、减少饲料消耗。 The present invention not only can improve the immune function of pigs so that no harmful residues in pork, but also increase the growth rate of pigs to reduce feed consumption.   本发明有两组中草药配方。 The present invention has two sets of Chinese herbal formula. 第一组主要是由12味中药材组成，即黄芪、板兰根、神曲、山楂、麦芽、陈皮、柏子仁、远志、当归、淫羊霍、苍术、甘草。 The first group is mainly composed of 12 Chinese herbal flavor, namely Astragalus, Ban Langen, Divine Comedy, hawthorn, malt, orange peel, Bozi, Polygala, Angelica, Epimedium, herb, licorice. 其中黄芪可以补气升阳、固表止汗、托毒生肌、利水消肿。 Wherein Astragalus can qi Sun, solid form antiperspirant, care drug myogenic benefits of water swelling. 板兰根可以清热解毒。 Ban Langen can detoxify. 神曲可以消食化积、健胃和中。 Divine Comedy can digestion of the plot, and in the stomach. 山楂可以消食健胃，活血化瘀。 Hawthorn can stomach digestion, blood circulation. 麦芽也可以消食和中。 Malt digestion and can also be in. 陈皮可以理气健脾、燥湿化痰。 Citrus can spleen qi, phlegm dampness. 柏子仁可以养心安神、益阴敛汗。 Bozi can uneasiness of mind, Yin sweating. 远志可以安心宁神。 Polygalaceae can Xinning God. 祛痰开窍、消痈肿。 Expectorant resuscitation, carbuncle swollen. 当归可以补血和血、活血止痛、润肠通便。 Angelica can be blood and blood, promoting blood circulation and pain relief, laxative. 淫羊霍可以补肾壮阳、强筋骨、祛风湿。 Epimedium can kidney impotence, strong bones and muscles, rheumatism. 苍术可以燥湿健脾、发汗解表、祛风湿。 The herb can spleen dampness, diaphoresis, rheumatism. 甘草可以补中益气、清热解毒、润肺止咳、调和诸药。 Licorice can Buzhongyiqi, detoxification, lungs and cough, to reconcile the various drugs. 上述各组分在配方中所占的重量份数分别是：黄芪3-4、板兰根3-4、神曲1-2、山楂1-2、麦芽1-2、陈皮1-2、柏子仁0.6-1、远志0.6-1、当归3-4、淫羊霍3-4、苍术1-2、甘草1.4-2。 Each of the components in the formulation of weight parts are: Astragalus 3-4, 3-4 Ban Langen, 1-2 Divine Comedy, hawthorn 1-2, 1-2 malt, orange peel 1-2, Bozi 0.6 1, Polygalaceae 0.6-1, 3-4 Angelica, epimedium 3-4, 1-2 herb, licorice 1.4-2. 最好在配方中还包括有0.4-0.6份的枣仁。 Preferably in the formulation also includes 0.4-0.6 parts Zaoren.   第二组主要是由14种中药材组成，即黄芪、党参、双花、连翘、黄芩、白头翁、公英、枝子、苍术、厚朴、马齿苋、柏子仁、远志和甘草，其中黄芪、苍术、柏子仁、远志和甘草它们的作用上面已有叙述。 The second group is mainly composed of 14 kinds of Chinese herbal medicines, namely Astragalus, Codonopsis, double flowers, forsythia, skullcap, bulbul, the British public, and the branches, herb, Magnolia, purslane, Bozi, Polygala and licorice, astragalus, herb, Bozi, Polygala licorice and their role has been described above. 余下的党参可以补中益气、健脾生津。 The remaining Codonopsis can deficiency of spleen and fluid. 双花可以清热解毒。 Double flowers can detoxify. 连翘可以清热解毒、消肿散结。 Forsythia can detoxify, and reducing swelling. 黄芩可以清热燥湿、泻火解毒。 Skullcap can heat dampness, purging fire detoxification. 公英可以清热解毒、散结消肿。 British public can detoxify, Sanjie swelling. 枝子可以清热泻火、凉血解毒。 Branches can heat purging fire, cooling blood detoxification. 厚朴可以行气燥湿、降逆平喘。 Magnolia can qi dampness, Jiangni asthma. 马齿苋可以清热解毒。 Purslane can detoxify. 上述各组分在配方中所占的重量份数分别是：黄芪3-4、党参3-4、双花1-2、连翘1-2、黄芩1-2、白头翁1-2、公英1-2、枝子0.4-1、苍术1-2、厚朴1-2、马齿苋1-2、柏子仁0.6-1、远志0.6-1、甘草1.4-2。 Each of the components in the formulation of weight parts are: Astragalus 3-4, 3-4 Codonopsis, double flowers 1-2, 1-2 forsythia, skullcap 1-2, 1-2 Pulsatilla, the British public 1 -2, branches 0.4-1, herb 1-2, 1-2 Magnolia, purslane 1-2, 0.6-1 Bozi, Polygala 0.6-1, 1.4-2 licorice. 最好在配方中还包括有0.6-1份枣仁。 Preferably in the formulation also includes 0.6-1 parts Zaoren. 上述两组配方中的药物作用各异，将其有机结合、互补短长，综合起到补气健脾、抗病健体、增进食效、促进生长的良好效果。 The action of the two drugs in different formulations, which combine complementary short length, integrated play Spleen, disease fitness, increase food efficiency, promote the growth of good results.  上述两组配方的添加剂制备方法相同，即：①备料：取规定数量的各组分，最好进行选料去除杂物和次品。 Same additive preparation method of the two formulations, namely: ① preparation: take a predetermined number of the components, the choice of materials is preferably carried out to remove impurities and defects.  ②干燥：自然晾晒干燥，或在60℃温度下烘干，使水分在12％以下。 ② Drying: natural drying drying or drying at a temperature of 60 ℃, moisture below 12%.  ③粉碎：用粉碎机将上述干燥的中药材粉碎。 ③ crushed: pulverized with the above-mentioned dried herbal medicine. 各味药可单独粉碎，也可混在一起粉碎。 Each herb individually pulverized, may also be mixed with pulverized.  ④过筛：将粉碎的中药材过80-120目筛，筛下的混合物即为本发明产品。 ④ sieving: Crushed medicines through 80-120 mesh sieve, sieve the mixture is the product of the invention under the present.  使用方法：将上述一种添加剂加入饲料中(基础日粮)，其中添加剂∶饲料＝4∶100(重量比)，混合均匀即可。 How to use: one of these additives to the feed (basal diet), wherein the additive: Feed = 4:100 (weight ratio), mixed evenly.  本发明相比现有技术具有如下优点：①增强了猪的免疫力，使猪在生长中没有任何传染性疾病。 Compared with the prior art to the present invention has the following advantages: ① enhance the pig's immune system, so that no infectious diseases in swine growth. ②猪的生长速度快，日增重提高17.2％。 ② fast growth rate of pigs, daily gain increased by 17.2%. 饲料消耗少，降低了13.3％。 Feed consumption, decreased 13.3%. ③猪肉内无有害残留物。 No harmful residues within ③ pork. 人们食用安全无副作用。 People eat safe without side effects.  具体实施方式 detailed description   例1取黄芪15公斤、板兰根20公斤、神曲5公斤、山楂10公斤、麦芽5公斤、陈皮10公斤、柏子仁3公斤、远志5公斤、当归15公斤、淫羊霍20公斤、苍术5公斤、甘草10公斤，将它们置于日光下晾晒，当水分含量在12％时，用粉碎机将它们的混合物粉碎，再将粉碎后的混合物过80目筛，将筛上物再粉碎过筛，得到的筛下物即为本发明产品。 Example 1 15 kg take astragalus, Ban Langen 20 kg, 5 kg Divine Comedy, hawthorn 10 kg, 5 kg of malt, orange peel 10 kg, 3 kg Bozi, Polygala 5 kg, 15 kg Angelica, Epimedium 20 kg, 5 kg herb, licorice 10 kg, placing them under the sun to dry, when the moisture content of 12%, using a mill pulverizing a mixture thereof, and then the mixture was pulverized over 80 mesh sieve, sieve material will be pulverized and then sieved to give the sieve material is the product of the present invention.  例2取黄芪20公斤、板兰根15公斤、神曲10公斤、山楂5公斤、麦芽10公斤、陈皮5公斤、柏子仁5公斤、远志3公斤、当归20公斤、淫羊霍15公斤、苍术10公斤、甘草7公斤，将它们分别置于温度为60℃的干燥室内干燥，当水分含量均低于12％时取出，待温度降至室温时用粉碎机分别将它们粉碎。 Example 2 20 kg taken astragalus, Ban Langen 15 kg, 10 kg Divine Comedy, hawthorn 5 kg, 10 kg of malt, orange peel 5 kg, 5 kg Bozi, Polygala 3 kg, 20 kg Angelica, Epimedium 15 kg, 10 kg herb, licorice seven kilograms, they were placed in a temperature of 60 ℃ of drying the drying chamber, when the moisture content was removed less than 12%, when the temperature dropped to room temperature when they were crushed with a grinder. 再将粉碎后的各物料分别过120目筛，最后将各物料的筛下物混合得到的产物即为本发明产品。 Each material were then crushed through a 120 mesh sieve, sieve material and finally the product obtained by mixing various materials is the product of the present invention.   例3重复例1的操作，其中黄芪15公斤、党参20公斤、双花5公斤、连翘10公斤、黄芩5公斤、白头翁10公斤、公英5公斤、枝子5公斤、苍术5公斤、厚朴10公斤、马齿苋5公斤、柏子仁5公斤、远志3公斤、甘草10公斤。 Operation Example 3 Example 1 was repeated, astragalus 15 kg Codonopsis 20 kg, double flowers 5 kg, forsythia 10 kg, skullcap 5 kg, Pulsatilla 10 kg, the British public, 5 kg, and the branches 5 kg, herb 5 kg, Magnolia 10 kg, purslane 5 kg, 5 kg Bozi, Polygala 3 kg, 10 kg of licorice.  例4重复例2的操作，其中黄芪20公斤、党参15公斤、双花10公斤、连翘5公斤、黄芩10公斤、白头翁5公斤、公英10公斤、枝子2公斤、苍术10公斤、厚朴5公斤、马齿苋10公斤、柏子仁3公斤、远志5公斤、甘草7公斤。 The procedure of Example 4 was repeated in Example 2, wherein Astragalus 20 kg, Codonopsis 15 kg, double flowers 10 kg, forsythia 5 kg, skullcap 10 kg, Pulsatilla 5 kg, the British public, 10 kg, and the branches 2 kg, herb 10 kg, Magnolia 5 kg, 10 kg purslane, Bozi 3 kg, 5 kg Polygala, licorice 7 kg.  例5重复例1的操作，其中黄芪15公斤、板兰根15公斤、神曲5公斤、山楂10公斤、麦芽10公斤、陈皮10公斤、柏子仁3公斤、远志3公斤、当归15公斤、淫羊霍20公斤、苍术10公斤、枣仁2公斤、甘草10公斤。 Example 5 was repeated operation Example 1, wherein Astragalus 15 kg, 15 kg Ban Langen, The Divine Comedy 5 kg, 10 kg hawthorn, malt 10 kg, 10 kg of dried tangerine peel, 3 kg Bozi, Polygala 3 kg, 15 kg Angelica, Epimedium 20 kg, 10 kg herb, Zaoren 2 kg, 10 kg of licorice.   例6重复例2的操作，其中黄芪20公斤、板兰根20公斤、神曲10公斤、山楂5公斤、麦芽5公斤、陈皮5公斤、柏子仁5公斤、远志5公斤、当归20公斤、淫羊霍15公斤、苍术5公斤、枣仁3公斤、甘草7公斤。 Example 6 Example 2 was repeated, astragalus 20 kg, Ban Langen 20 kg, 10 kg Divine Comedy, hawthorn 5 kg, 5 kg of malt, orange peel 5 kg, 5 kg Bozi, Polygala 5 kg, 20 kg Angelica, Epimedium 15 kg, 5 kg herb, Zaoren 3 kg, licorice seven kilograms.  例7重复例1的操作，其中黄芪15公斤、党参20公斤、双花5公斤、连翘5公斤、黄芩10公斤、白头翁10公斤、公英5公斤、枝子5公斤、苍术5公斤、厚朴5公斤、马齿苋10公斤、柏子仁5公斤、远志3公斤、枣仁3公斤、甘草10公斤。 The procedure of Example 7 was repeated in Example 1, wherein Astragalus 15 kg Codonopsis 20 kg, double flowers 5 kg, forsythia 5 kg, skullcap 10 kg, Pulsatilla 10 kg, the British public, 5 kg, and the branches 5 kg, herb 5 kg, Magnolia 5 kg, 10 kg purslane, Bozi 5 kg, 3 kg Polygalaceae, Zao Ren 3 kg, 10 kg of licorice.  例8重复例2的操作，其中黄芪20公斤、党参15公斤、双花10公斤、连翘10公斤、黄芩5公斤、白头翁5公斤、公英10公斤、枝子2公斤、苍术10公斤、厚朴10公斤、马齿苋5公斤、柏子仁3公斤、远志5公斤、枣仁5公斤、甘草7公斤。 Example 8 was repeated in Example 2 operation, astragalus 20 kg, Codonopsis 15 kg, double flowers 10 kg, forsythia 10 kg, skullcap 5 kg, Pulsatilla 5 kg, the British public, 10 kg, and the branches 2 kg, herb 10 kg, Magnolia 10 kg, 5 kg purslane, Bozi 3 kg, 5 kg Polygalaceae, Zao Ren 5 kg, licorice seven kilograms.  将本发明产品加到猪的饲料中，各项指标测试结果如下：表1  生长猪血液免疫细胞变化情况统计 The products of this invention is added to pig feed, the indicators test results are as follows: Table 1 growing pig blood cells in the immune Statistics     由上表可见食用本发明添加剂的生猪血液淋巴细胞及ANAE阳性细胞均明显高于对照组。 The present invention additive pig blood lymphocytes and ANAE positive cells were significantly higher in the above table shows consumption.  表2生长猪体重变化情况统计 Table 2 Statistics on weight change in growing pigs   由上表可见食用本发明添加剂的生猪日增重和总增重明显高于对照组。 Above table shows the consumption of the present invention, additives pig daily gain and total weight gain was significantly higher.  表3上述各试验组猪饲料消耗情况统计 Table 3 above for each experimental group pig feed consumption statistics   由上表可见食用本发明添加剂的生猪饲料消耗低于对照组。 Above table shows the consumption of pig feed additives of the invention consumes less than the control group.  表4食用本发明添加剂生猪肉品重金属含量检测结果 Table 4 eating pig meat additives of this invention heavy metal content test results   通过中国科学院沈阳分院理化测试中心生态环境测试部测试上述五项指标均不超过国家标准。 Test of the five indicators of physical and chemical testing by the Shenyang Branch of the Department of Chinese Academy of Sciences Center for Eco-environmental testing does not exceed the national standard.   表5食用本发明添加剂生猪肉品抗菌素、激素和化学合成药物含量的检测结果 Table 5 test results edible pig meat additive antibiotics, hormones and synthetic drugs content of the present invention   通过中国科学院沈阳分院理化测试中心生态环境测试部测试，肉品中不含上述三种抗菌素和雌性激素。 By the Chinese Academy of Sciences Shenyang Branch of Physical and Chemical Testing Center for Eco-environmental testing unit testing, meat does not contain the three antibiotics and estrogen.  表6食用本发明添加剂生猪肉品及肝脏中盐酸克伦特罗及呋喃唑酮含量的检测结果 Table 6 test results edible additives pig meat and liver of clenbuterol and furazolidone content of the present invention   通过辽宁省兽药饲料监测所检测上述两项指标均不超过国家部颁标准的规定。 Liaoning Province veterinary feed through monitoring by detecting the two indicators did not exceed the national ministerial standards.","Url":"https://patents.google.com/patent/CN1379993A/en"}
